 Hi, everyone. Can you guys hear me and see me okay? So if there was ever a lie that you should attend, this is the one. This is the, this is absolutely the one because I have been working meticulously behind the scenes. You're after you're helping people create the lives that they want, but I never quite put it together this way. Okay. So I hope everyone has their notes, pens, paper, and journal prompts or journals ready because if you ever felt like something held you back in life, I might just have the answer for you. In fact, tap in the comments, say, I, if you ever felt like, okay, I went to good school or at least I know I'm smart. I know I've done everything in life, right and appropriately. And yet I can't seem to get ahead. And yet I just can't seem to get ahead. Who has ever felt that way? And if you have felt that way, I want you to really own it and tap in the comments, what category of life have you felt that way? Is it love? Is it health? Is it money? Is it career? So Victoria, Zalana Amelia, hi Amelia, Zana, Claudine, Shelley, Jenny or Jenny, Christine, 80, Zana. Okay. Shelley says money. Zana says money. Jenny says career, but also love. Okay. So if you feel like seemingly everybody has the answers, but you don't, I might just have the answer for you on this call. So please block out a solid hour. I will try not to go over, but please take screenshots, notes, and get ready to share with your friends and family or on socials if they're open to this kind of information because this could help everyone if they have access to this. Okay. So I'm just going to share my screen. But I really, really ask that you pay full attention. Okay. Can everybody see my screen? Hopefully yes. Yeah, you're right. You can see my screen. Yes or no? Okay. Awesome. So this is part of my portals series. Okay. The first part is really going to Feng Shui. And so there are multiple parts of this. I know many of you guys are interested in real estate. I know some of you guys are interested in astro photography, which we may touch upon a little bit in this call, but this call, we're going to go a little bit just a tiny bit deeper into Feng Shui. But I'm more interested in bringing all of it together for you so that you can really see the connection between Feng Shui, which is your home, where you live overall, your city, state, country, and your home address. All these things kind of factor into your reality. And this is something that for some reason, the spiritual community doesn't like to talk about this too much, because I think they really want everyone to believe that they have free will. And that's just not true. So let's get into it. And yes, this will be available for replay. But I want zero distractions. Okay. I'm going to be really vulnerable here because I don't often share this in publicly at least. So I'm sharing it through just you guys while I'm on this live and on this trading. As a thank you. I graduated from college back in 2012. It was okay. I went to a really good school. I went to a really good business school undergrad. Very difficult to get in. And I thought I was in the top of the world. I entered Wall Street. I worked at JP Morgan and then I worked at one of the world's top three quant funds. Yes, I knew I was intuitive. Yes, I knew that I had certain abilities, but I kind of felt like everybody had those abilities. So I don't really pay attention or care. And I was just more focused on being a good daughter, being a good analyst, being a good student. And then I hit rock bottom. So 2015, it really started around 2013 to be honest because that's when I ended my engagement at the time. But 2015, I hit rock bottom in my life. It was really, really bad. Like every time I have our bad day in my life, or I'm having a bad moment, I look back and I go, it really isn't as bad as 2015. Like that's how bad it was. Like I hated my job. And please have in the comments if you can relate. Like if you hate your job, please say, I, I really wondered is this set is this 95 Ed? I knew that I would have to wait 50 years to get like a retirement. I would have to wait like three years, maybe like a six percent increase in salary, even with bonus. It wasn't worth it. So I just, I felt like I was dealing with the devil, right? And so I started my spiritual journey. I was like, okay, what are some cool things I can do because I was already very educated. I was already making six figures, but it living in New York City, that kind of meant nothing at the time. So I was like, okay, what else can I try? Like what other ways can I self develop? What other ways can I kind of get ahead? And I did a lot of self development stuff, a lot of spiritual stuff, but not a lot of people talked about the environment. Like every, you know, Tony Robbins talks about mindset, the leaf, tap in the comments if you agree. Like if you're like, yeah, all the spiritual grooves and coaches just talk a lot about mindset. And that's important. Mind that's very important. It leaves it really important. But I just felt like there was something else there because I grew up traveling a lot and I never felt so bad living in New York City, like ever before my life. And I had lived all over the world. So really quickly, if you're new here, my name is Hey June, the company name is Fadress. I built a multiple seven-year company in less than four years. I'm X Wall Street and Tech. I'm also an X-screenwriter. My screenplay, slash movies were premiered in theaters around the world. A lot of people don't know that, but that happened before social media. I'm also a TEDx speaker and we have a global presence, meaning we have students and clients from all walks of life. I'm an intuitive coach for the 1% who I'm going to give you some examples towards the end of this presentation. Some of you have seen on TV and YouTube channels. And here are some outlets that you can find me in CNN, Fox Business, New York Post-Forbes, other bugs and so forth. So back to the worst time of my life. Back in 2015 is when I first started dabble with Feng Shui. I think I must have read an article. I think I must have seen somewhere on the TV like that your interior design has a lot of influence on your mental health. And I was like, oh, that's interesting. And at the time, mental health was not like a really wily disgust thing. So when it was experienced through a lens of interior design, I kind of felt like it was less taboo. So I really start to study it. So then let's talk about my Feng Shui journey. Once again, I'm being super vulnerable here. This is not AI. This is art that I made. This is from my personal Instagram. It's private. So even if you go try to look it up and follow it, I will not accept you. But if you look at my left hand side, what do you see? There are two bunnies, right? I actually painted this or drew this myself. And on the right hand side, you can see the bunnies on the wall. I lived in a really art deco apartment in New York City with exposed brick wall. It was amazing. So back in and you can see the timestamp, right? Like 2016. I had like a rock bottom moment in 2015. I discovered Feng Shui. I discovered that I can create art and put it in strategic locations around my house to call in something into my life. And at the time, I really, really wanted love because I had just gotten out of my my long term engagement. And I wanted a fresh start in my love life. So I painted bunnies because bunnies represent fertility, love, abundance. So if you pay close attention, right? Yes, there's two bunnies in love. There's hearts. There's love, like heart shapes and whatnot. But can anybody like point out something? And for those of you guys that already know the answer are just just kind of keep it to yourself. But does anybody notice something off about this picture? And this might be really important to you as you start your Feng Shui journey. Okay, no takers, right? No one has a guess. So I'm just going to like reveal the answer. Since nobody can guess what happened next. Well, let me just tell you the punch line. Let me go back. One bunny is looking at the other bunny. They're not looking at each other. It's just one bunny looking at the other. Meaning I, during that time before, during and after, I was only in one cited relationships. I was only in one cited dating situations. I wasn't a lot of situations. I felt like I was always chasing people. I felt like I was always finding after men or even friends, like relationships that, you know, I knew there was attraction. And I knew there was interest in mutual chemistry. But for some reason, they would never take off because they never express their interest back. Tap in the comments if you can relate. If you can relate this toxic cycle of being in one cited relationships, maybe you have series of crushes. Maybe you like love to chase and you feel kind of weird if you're in a mutually committed relationship. So on some level, everyone can kind of relate to this, right? So keep in mind, I drew this. I drew this and I didn't even know that I was drawing it. So the good news is I did attract a lot of love and dating into my life. I actually did attract a lot of love after this because I was optimizing it for a long shui, right? It wasn't what I wanted. I was deeply unhappy. I was just caught up in a bunch of situationships and I see so many of my clients do this a lot. They always call me and they say I met this wonderful guy or a wonderful woman. But they suddenly are distant after a couple of weeks. I don't know how to fix it. Tell me, tell me. The first thing that I say is show me your house. Show me what artwork you have. And lo and behold, there is some like solo painting, solo statue, like a figurine of like a misindependent or misindependent. And I'm like, you have to get rid of that. If you want a committed relationship, why do you surround yourself with that art? Why do you think you're separate from that art? So I can't believe this, but the answer was right in front of my eyes the whole time. So I realized this one critical thing. And I used to hear this quote before, Feng Shui, but it really clicked after Feng Shui. It's a quote by Carl Young. Sometimes the objective world and the narrative world touch. And that's called synchronicity. Let me repeat that. Sometimes the objective world, meaning you, your 3D reality and the narrative world, your intuition, your imagination, your feelings, your past present future, they touch and that's called synchronicity. So once I learned this quote and once I really finally understood what Carl Young meant, I was like, okay, I know I have to go deeper because I don't know why the hell I painted those two bunnies that are not even really in love. Like what about me felt like that kind of relationship or that kind of love is safe? Because I can look back now and I can like really see the version of myself that painted that and that version of myself is no longer the version of me now. So it's the year of the snake, right? It's the year of really tapping your spirituality, really shedding your old skin, really shedding the layers, like going deeper and deeper and deeper into yourself and really investigating your beliefs and understanding and connecting the dots on why you're still not able to translate that on the outside world. So that kicked me into a deeper spiritual journey and it introduced me to this world of, okay, if I'm not living the life that I want and I've done everything that I can in my power to succeed and get ahead in life. My strategy needs to change, my approach needs to change and that kind of got me into a separate rabbit hole called nine dimensional thinking. This notion that, okay, there's a nine chakra system. There are nine numbers of numerology, there's nine dimensions, like, you know, the numerology aspect really started to stand out to me and then I came across nine dimensional thinking and basically it's this notion that we all live in nine different levels of consciousness and something like Feng Shui, Aschicarfi, that is in a higher dimension, that's in a higher dimensional thinking, that's like in the narrative world. So if you are not healed in your objective world, that narrative world is not really going to help you because you're only going to create my wounded space. So for those of you that are like, what are you talking about? I'm going to unpack that further. Your body and your feelings live in a one through four D consciousness. I talk about this deep in my school platform. In fact, if you really want to understand what dimension you live in, school is a platform to go. It's a linked for those of you guys that are curious. So, and you're going to be a child, but anyway, but I was trying to because I was so impatient, I was trying to the Feng Shui, the Aschicarfi, all that stuff from like, well, at this point, back in 2015, I didn't even know about Aschicarfi, I was just doing Feng Shui, but I was trying to fix on a five D consciousness level, like, I just want love, I just want money, blah, blah, without having healed first in my four D consciousness. Let me know if this is making sense to you so far. Let me know if you're like, oh, wait, something is clicking. So as you can see, in this presentation, we're going to go into Feng Shui and a couple of other things. We're going to touch a little bit of Aschicarfi and Real Estate Neurology, but you can really see below here. I wasn't doing the deep emotional catharsis. I wasn't really going on my here as journey. I was trying to bypass my spiritual journey by going straight into all these fancy tools because I thought I had all the answers figured out. I already thought like, why did this milestone? I checked the fist in my list. Like, I got a cause degree. Like, why else should I do more work? I already did all the intellectual work. Like, I should be rich. I should be married. I should be a bun and bubble of up without realizing, no, there was actually deeper levels of work that had to be done. And I was trying to bypass it and like fix the outside through Feng Shui. So in reality, like the bunny stuff, I was creating stuff on the outside without having healed the inside. Like, I was trying to reach 5D consciousness without having healed the inner one, two, three, four dimension. So if you're listening to this and you're thinking like, well, how do I know what dimension I'm in? Once again, you can check my school platform. You get a three day trial. I went deep into explaining each dimension because I think so many people are allocking that right now, especially with social media. People are like so wired for instant gratification. And it's so tragic when you can't skip any of the stuff. And actually, I just want to say, if you have been trying to manifest for a long time and you haven't, you're skipping a dimension. I guarantee you, you're skipping something in your consciousness and you're trying to create before you're ready. So I implore you to really comb through your brain and your heart and see what you're trying to avoid and what you're trying to skip. And I say this as someone who's worked with like thousands of people over several years. It's like, you know you're a serial cheater. What do you need Feng Shui for? Just stop cheating. Anyway, so let's get into it. Did everyone bring their worksheets? Did everybody bring their worksheets? Hopefully you brought your worksheets. So what is Feng Shui? You're constantly co-creating with your environment, which consists of five elements. And I first want to say this, it's not like Feng Shui didn't help me at all. It had some use. It had some value. It actually helped me level up in my career and in my money. So if you're for money stuff, congratulations at the right place. There are very specific things you got to do in Feng Shui. It's just that the thing with this type of stuff though is that's a puzzle piece, right? Like Feng Shui may solve for one area of her life, but not for other areas. And I'll tell you why in a second if you stick around because this is not and I'll be all. So I'm going to walk you through what areas of your galaxy have to petition to this year, but just know that next year it will flip and also also know that this may be a temporary solution because there's other things happening in the stars are affecting you. So once again, Feng Shui is all about studying your relationship with your environment's energy. The relationship between your energy and your environment's energy. And there's so many different types of Feng Shui modalities, but I love the low-shoes square modality because it incorporates the time dimension. So what that means is how the energy is the five elements energy change over time and how that impacts you. So something you have to know with Feng Shui all the time. Once again, do not spiritually bypass. Don't be like don't be that person that just throws a lot of money at a Feng Shui expert and go just give me all the answers. Just tell me it optimise like now. Like, I don't know, first start with what are your goals and your goals can't be just this generic like why I want to stop being in pain. Be very specific. There are nine corners of your house and each corner has a specific purpose. And every single year there's four negative corners and five positive corners. Okay, four negative corners and five positive corners. At the very bare minimum your job is to protect yourself against the four negative corners. Do you know how many times I neglected the four negative corner like when the year switches I'm like, oh, it's okay. Like I don't need to cure this corner this year or I can wait for a few more days. I walk out without curing it and then I get like a speeding ticket. I'm not even joking. This happens so many times. So at the very bare minimum you have to learn how to cure the negative corners. So salt water jar. Let's talk about it. Salt in water captures negative energy. Let me repeat that. Salt in a jar captures negative energy. And for this year the negative corners are north and north west. That's why there's a salt water jar emoji. Somebody like email me saying like, hey, like you didn't specify where to put the salt. I'm like, there's a fucking emoji. What do you mean? There's a literal instruction on where to put them. Okay. So if you want to capture all the negative energies flowing through those corners, place your salt water jar. So to mason jar one third should be salt. The other two thirds should be water bonus points. If you put six nickels in it or pennies and put them in the north and the northwest corner of your house this year. Okay. But if you want to improve your money game, if you want to pull in more luck, if you want to boost your career, and this is not, yeah, I worked in Wall Street. Okay. If there's one thing I'm really good at, it's attracting wealth and understanding how money works. This stuff is so real. I don't know a single emailing error. I don't know a single billionaire that does not believe in Feng Shui. They are neurotic with this stuff. So if you think that you won't benefit from this, you're tripping. Okay. So in 2025, your money corners are southeast, southwest, and south. So once again, southeast, southwest, and south. So for example, your southwest corner right now in my southwest corner, I have money crystals. I have flowers. There's so many other things I could do, but that's what I have for now. Your love corners. Ta-da. It's in the north and northwest corner of your house. So my northwest corner of the house is literally the entrance. So I put a salt water jar there. Now this is where it gets a little bit interesting slash tricky. If you're like, hey, I cannot, I don't, I can't afford to not be successful in love this year. I can't afford to like not be in a healthy relationship this year, but it's in a north corner. It already sucks. Hell, what else can I do besides a salt water jar cure? That's where other cool tricks and tips come in. This is what I mean by like Feng Shui has its limitations. And this is also what I mean by like you have to start opening up your consciousness to other dimensions. Remember nine dimensional thinking? Because where you live has limitations. Where you live has restrictions. So did everyone get that? Did everybody get that? The four negative corners that you have to cure and the positive corners where you have to boost. But like I told you guys before, when I did Feng Shui, I got some results, but not a lot of results. And I think a lot of y'all are here because you're starting to realize that everybody can Google, right? Like we're to like optimize a house for the Feng Shui this year, blah, blah. Let me tell you something. If you hire like actual Feng Shui people, they don't even tell you have to stuff the internet says. Because a lot of this comes down to experience, a lot of this comes to know how. And especially if you work with someone like me, a lot of it also comes down to because I'm crazy and I move around so much since I was a kid. A lot of it also comes down to where you live in the world. It's just beyond your house. So but for the purpose of this presentation, just know that the negative corners that you have to cure this year is northwest. If you want to attract love, there's bonus things you got to do. Stay tuned for that. Your money corners are southeast southwest south. Please look for your to put crystals there, coin there, flowers there, or so on and so forth. For those of you guys, I were like, what do I look at? What is she talking about? Please DM me the word real estate on my Instagram and I'll send you this PDF. So did everyone catch that? I'm telling you what the corners are, but just so you know, you first have to know what your goals are because if you're not crystal clear in your goals, you're going to do what I did and try to attract from like a wounded place, right? Like the bunny painting and then old backfire on you, which is why you got to be 100% real with yourself first. If you have remains, does it matter if you only do your bedroom? It's a good temporary solution just to do your bedroom. Now let's get to the really juicy part. Notice the picture, notice the picture, y'all. Bright yellow cottage in a dark gloomy city. You can function the crap out of your home, but what if you feel like something is off beyond your home? Who feels like that, by the way? You guys see this image like of a bright yellow glowing house in the middle of like a goth them dark gloomy cold rainy city because that was me in New York City. I like bent over backwards beautifying my home. Like bent over backwards, beauty found my home. This is how it got me like 10 years when I went to New York City, but I always felt like something was off. There was something wrong with my street. There was something wrong in my city, my state. Like there was something off. I grew up in Germany. I was fine in Germany. I lived in Michigan. I was fine in Michigan, but why was I living in New York City? And just so you know, some people loved New York City. Like I have a lot of girlfriends that love New York City. I have girlfriends that freaking like got everything I want in the first year of living in New York City, but that was my story. And I was so fresh. I was like, what am I doing wrong? So Pacilla can relate, Cassandra can relate, Adriana can relate, Rosal, Zena, yep. And every time I try to tell people like, I gotta leave New York. I gotta leave New York. Something's off. They'll be like, you're crazy. New York's the best place in the whole world. I would you leave like I had see that's another thing with with these like, you know, negative vortexes, right? You will have forces around you to try to pull you in pull you in pull you in, not make you leave make it really, really hard for you to leave. That's why you gotta be hyper conscious and aware of what's really going on because the matrix, the outer reality will do whatever takes you to just just get you to stay. Yeah. So if you feel something is off in your home, there's a really high chance your positive house corner or just your house in general is in a negative part of the world. You have a relationship with your house, right? That's what Feng Shui is. But you also have a relationship with your city state country. Let me repeat that. You have a relationship with your house, but you also have a relationship with your city state country. And there are two separate things. And that was the piece of the equation that I was missing. And that is when I discovered, ask your cryptography once again, very popular field or it's gaining more popularity, but very deeply misunderstood, very deeply mispractice. I think a lot of, I find it really funny that astrologers and even Feng Shui people teach stuff that they have really experience. I'm like, you haven't moved around that much. You haven't explored city. I know a guy who was born and raised in Virginia never left and teaches ask a tariff. Yeah, but you don't, like, what do you know though? Like you haven't changed and moved your locator as much as me. So like I said, back in 2015, I dabble with Feng Shui. Not dabble. I actually really seriously studied it. And it improved a lot of things in my life, but not quite it. I was still very like oppressed, depressed, still, you know, a bunch of situationships. And then between 2020 and 2022, I discovered ask your cryptography and I start to like really deeply learn it. And I think this field is way too complicated. I figure out a way to simplify it, but I don't think it needs to be that complex. It's actually very simple. And like a math scientist, because I'm a scientist at heart, I start to take a lot of trips vacation to random places to test out my Jupiter line to test out my Sun line to test out my Pluto line. And here's what I discovered. By the way, time out. If you look at my slide, you see this graph, right? There's a dip here because 2015 was the worst part of my life, but you can tell that thing started to like seriously look up when I started to play around with 2022 when I discovered ask your photography. Now, why is ask photography real? Because we live in a vast neutrino ocean of approximately 30 trillion neutrinos per square inch per second, and we take in their energy, which arises primarily from the core of the stars. Each neutrino travels to us across a solar system and as they pass across or through a planet, the neutrino principle that frequency and imprint of that planet. Translation, when we're born, the placement of Venus, Mars, Sun, Moon, they get imprinted on our DNA, but so does planet Earth. So does your city. So does your state. Your city state country have its own birthday that was implanted or imprinted by these neutrinos that traveled through space as it carried the vibration of the planets when they were in a certain position in the sky. So you know how you have sinister with two people? You'll set up sinister with your environment quite literally and people don't pay attention to that enough. And in case you're like, oh, this is woo, this is crazy. No, well, there's Bortes, there's Bortesys plural, right? Bortesys Bortesys, yeah, there's Bortesys and portals around the world. And NASA funded researchers have actually figured out how to discover portals on the planet. Like you can literally measure, right, with like a meter in different locations like the different frequency deltas. So you've got to figure out how those frequencies impact you, okay? And there's ways to figure that out through aspartography. So the easiest way to do this is to look at your energetic sunbell, your ascendant, your descendant, your mid-heaven, your imam-chelly, okay? And people always tell you like, what are your sunlines, Jupiter line? Okay, first of all, which sunlight? Which Jupiter line? It depends on where they hit in your chart. So don't believe everything you see on the internet. This took me a while to figure out because yeah, because just going to Jupiter line is not always good. And I want you guys to take a look at what New York was for me. Take a look. Saturn, the planet Saturn, literally like on 20th, like you know, Saturn, 23 degrees on my ascendant. Isn't that insane? It was smacked on my ascendant. I was living with Saturn on my ascendant for 10 years. This means prison. This means oppression. This means deep oppression. The only good thing about Saturn is that once you survive it, it teaches you really good lessons that you could really benefit from down the line. And that was a big spiritual lesson. I had to learn so that I'm not so bitter and resentful after I left New York. But essentially, once I left, I was really able to take the jewels that New York City taught me and you know, make the most out of it, right? But once I discovered this, I didn't waste time. I tried to leave ASAP. So if you're feeling really oppressed in your house, even after doing Feng Shui, this could be your answer. Ask a topic, could be your answer. Now, say I in the comments if this might be you. Even when all the stars are seemingly aligned, what if you still feel like something is blocking you? What if you still feel like something is blocking you? Tell me in the comments, say I if that's you. You're like, I mean, my Feng Shui, like it's fine. Ask your photography. I kind of googled this stuff. I don't I'm not living on any of the major, malefic lines. I guess you can find. But something still feels off. I'm also, by the way, willing to bet my money that like some of y'all are not doing your calculations like the way I do. But if that is you, if that is you, you might want to check out real estate numerology. Now, by the way, there's this is a really vast field, not just real estate numerology, but like the whole energy space, the energy system space, it's huge. I'm only giving you a sliver of it today. I'm only going to portals right now. But you can see right here, 2025, I kind of misspoke. It really should be 2023 that I discovered real estate numerology. And I always knew about the space. I always knew about numerology. But I didn't like it a chance of fully practice it. I was more obsessed with figuring out my Jupiter line, my Sunline, my my Pluto line. I got into a freaking this is kind of a sidetrack, but I got into like a bar fight in Spain. And I found out that it was my Pluto line. Pluto on my descendant. Descendant is the house of the other. It was other people initiating fights with me. Other people initiated bar fights with me at a bar in Spain. That was like my classic Pluto story there. But anyway, so you can't you can't make this up. And yes, as soon as I also left New York, a lot of my situation of stuff changed just so you know, because of Saturn left, my ascendant, like men trying to oppress me, right? But real estate numerology became a huge game changer, huge, huge game changer. Once I implemented it and discovered it. And again, because I'm a scientist at heart, I went back to my past 30 years of every single place I lived in every single part of the world. I calculated my address with that stratography with the function like the whole nine. And I started teaching it to people. So what you see here is like one of my students, you know, by practicing function, I try to find real estate numerology, which is like the holy trinity. She got a new job. She gone to law school and she became more aware of her subconscious program, right? And I'm just sharing this with you. But this is one of the many, many, many testimonials. Like sometimes like healing is not that deep. Like you don't need 10 years of therapy. You just might literally be living on your Saturn line. You see, you actually may not be so crazy. It could be your energetic atmospheric pressures pushing you down. So like I said, I don't teach stuff. I read on books. I teach what I lived through. So based on a lot of my calculations, I was like, okay, this address, I was experiencing this, this address, I was experiencing this. And it checked out. And I get DMs all the time from people saying stuff like I'm haunted by number nine people in my home situation is basically this person attracts a lot of life path 9s and she's only lived in a nine. Another person said, she was in a triple nine. It all makes sense now. And by the way, the reason why I screenshot, screenshot of these types of DMs is because there are people that DM me a lot and often. Maybe you're here. And I apologize if this is your screenshot. But once in a while, I come across DMs from people that are like so desperate or so like so needy and they seem haunted. And then when I give this information, they're like, oh, shit, I've been living in a nine or I can like constantly get cheated on. I live in a three, so on and so forth. So this is an interesting thing to point out. It's not that you got unlucky with your real estate or your address. Just like how I drew the bunnies, just like how I drew the bunnies, you chose that address. There was something about your energy that wanted that address. By the way, you guys, if you are like, hey, I want to figure out my address numerology. I want you to interpret what my address means. Please join school. You get a three day trial because I go live twice a month to answer everybody's question. Everybody gets a shot. Everybody gets asked their question. So if you're like, I want to ask you out my address. I want to ask you out my ask guitar fee. Go to school. You can click on offer, I think if you're on webinar jam and that you can enroll and join. So you can ask about your address there. But also celebrities, celebrities changed the course of their lives through numerology. Kanye West, live path 11, bought an 11, a head in 11 house became a billionaire, Taylor Swift, live path 7, very compatible with 11s. She purposefully bought a house next to her existing house, merged it, turned it into 11, became a billionaire. There's so many stories like this. In fact, in like real estate numerology in New York City is a very, very coveted. It's a very neat, but very expensive, very lucrative business because billionaires like fight for certain assets a lot. Have you guys noticed that? Have you guys noticed that you keep being drawn to a similar address? Like you notice that you keep living in a nine or you keep living in a six. A lot of people that you know suddenly have a family, right? Suddenly have sons, daughters, whatever or like you know have always pets around them. They like clockwork live in a six or a four or a two. People who can't seek to settle down live in a five. So the reason I'm sharing all this with you is because you can't just look at Feng Shui isolated. So I'm going to have follow trainings on real estate numerology. But I just want to give you a heads up that Feng Shui may not be enough. Okay. So there just to give you a heads up. In my real estate numerology training, there's four levels of calculating what real estate address you live in, like what energy. Take a screenshot of this, keep this. But if you're like, Hey, how do I calculate L1L2L3? Join my school for the actual calculator itself. So these are those specific methods. Once again, take a screenshot. A lot of this I can't really share because it's proprietary. We have our own method and we have so many students we've helped with by decoding what their address means. Just so you guys know I started I'm a light path 11. I launched Fajrous and an 11 house. I've never, ever lived an 11 house before that in my life. I 10x my business in a one house. One house is a house of leadership and money. I got cheated on in three house. Three, what's three? Three is a party, the more the merrier. So and no, it's not a three unit or a three street number. Like there's calculations, there's hidden vibrational you have to unlock. So like I was saying earlier, you cannot outrun your objective world. You cannot outrun your own energy. There is a reason why I drew that rabbit painting. There is a reason why you choose certain addresses. I know people who lived in a nine apartment back to back to back to back to back. One of the person I know actually, you know, she was I hate saying this, but in the same year moving to another nine house, she lost her job. She got dumped and she got cancer. This is not funny. This happens all the time. I see this all the time. They think it's a coincidence. They think they just got unlucky. It's like no, I'm like no, on some level, you're you're choosing that experience. For what reason, I don't know. So you have to this is in green because I really want you to pay attention to this. You can't hack your way into a better life. You can't suddenly like wave a magic wand through through funksway and ask guitar, fiddle is etnumology and like improve your life. You have to go on your hair as you're in first. You have to understand your personal energy first. You first have to go through emotional healing and catharsis and rewrite your story. You first have to like really master 1D through 40. Am I making sense? Please say I if I am making sense. And the most powerful work that you can do is to do both, right? Work on your narrative world and your objective world. Once again, work on your narrative world and your objective world. I've had students get really upset at me. They're like, what do I do? I found out that I live in a 9 house. This is explained so much. What do I do? I tell them you have to start making choices to like stop it's being attracted to the address. It's that simple. What's the work making difficult decisions confronting your trauma, understanding your energy blueprint, rewriting your narrative. There are steps and methods to do that without wasting years and years and years in a therapist's chair. So just to prove to you that you can't outrun your objective world. Some of the people that you see on the screen or people that I've worked with are my clients. This lady over here, she sold her company for $500 million. You guys probably know Anna Akana. I've worked with people that work for Mr. Beast, Alicia Marie, all these people, right? Brennan, I just helped reach 500k per month for income, which is terrific. So these are people who seemingly have all the resources in the world, right? Are still doing the inner work. Are still healing. Are still working on their objective world. It's and it's not just that you work on your objective world and your narrative world. It's got to be a symbiotic relationship as you level up, your real estate levels up. As you level up, your your address levels up. I tried to go into like an 11 house many years ago, like prematurely. I tried to be like, oh, in our 11 house now. I got rejected by like 2011 houses. It was crazy. Every single landlord was like, no, no, no, no, no. I was like, what the, why not? I'm qualified. They're like, no, but every nine house landlord was so ready to give me their house was so ready. Why? I was attracting them and they were attracting me. I didn't sign for a nine house. So you have to understand how to decode matrices like this. Okay. So here's my question to you. You want to have this quantum leap like I did, right? Or my clients did, or you activating all three energies. Have you proved your home against unhealthy energies? Have you noticed a recurring pattern in the location that you live in? Or you unconsciously drawn to the same house number over and over and over again? Or you balanced from your feminine versus masculine against those goals, which is like a secret sauce that I haven't really gone into, but I'm just curious, are you activating all three energies? Are you actively creating portals in your house? Are you tapping into real estate numerology? Are you tapping into ask photography? Are you tapping into Feng Shui? Or are you just kind of passively hoping that something will magically improve on its own? Or are you doing all three? I'm genuinely curious. Say yes or no. Say yes or no. And keep in mind, these tools will help you even more if you're already a badass high achiever in life. This will only help you not hurt you. So I'm seeing a lot of nose. But she says no. Amelia was a student, so she says yes. And this is at least trying. I just want you guys to know if you're not in the position to move, if you're if you cannot move, you're like, hey, I can't move to different country. Hey, I can't change addresses. There is a solution to that. There is a solution to that. There is there are some things I've discovered over time that I started sharing with my clients and it's really changed your lives. So there's a lot of mixed answers, right? Like yes or no, at least I'm trying a little bit. Okay. Tap in the comments if you're ready to 10X your life. If you're ready to finally get your answers, if you're ready to design life on your own terms, remember, this is the year of the snake, right? It's the year of shedding skin. It's the year of tapping into these spiritual tools, these energy tools to really work inside out from your house. Are you ready to take the guessing work out? What does that mean? Take the guessing work out? Because as you can tell, a lot of this is kind of like guesswork, right? Like a lot of calculations. A lot of people are ready to 10X their life, get their answers, design life on their own terms, stop guessing. Okay. And more importantly, work one-on-one with me. Because, you know, people always try to do that. I'm not available. That's a problem. So I have a new cohort of artists' way starting. Not everyone's qualified. Don't worry. Not everyone is invited. In case you're like, oh my god, can I join? No. We've had so many people transform their lives. It's crazy. It's like clockwork. Everyone that joins, understands and learns these tools and they get so many answers. They're like, oh my god, boom, it clicked. Now I've got to do this inside my house. Now I've got to move here or I've got to bring this energy into my house. We've had people literally here, if you say like, it's crazy how by barely even taking action, like everything fell into my lab after four years of going, how am I, my ass. Yeah, it's like exactly. Like you should not be pushing, pushing, pushing. You should not be pushing. You should just be understanding what's going on. Make a couple of tweaks and attract things into your life. Okay. This lady over here, she was stuck for like 10 years. Guess what? She deliberately moved into a five house. Boom, the problems disappeared. This lady over here, she made a couple of tweaks. She was trying so, so, so hard to become C-suite, you know, become that CMO. Never got to that level until working with me. She made a couple of changes, really worked inside out from that unconscious level and realized what her block was and made new choices and changed, of course, of her life. When you're in it, you don't see it. You need someone else to show you and tell you what exactly the blocks are and what you have to do and sometimes, like I said, it's not that deep. Okay. So we have a 12-week incubator program because I don't believe, let me go back to this. I don't believe in just doing this work. I think a lot of students, not a lot. Every now and then I get someone who's very disappointed, right? Because they're like, I thought you were a psychic. I thought you were going to tell me my future. I thought you're going to tell me like what's going to happen and I'm like, no, but you're creating your future. I'm only reading what you're creating. I don't want you to, I don't want you to blame me if I tell you what I see, which is bad because you're not creating it. I'd rather tell you how to create the future. So the 12-week RSV program isn't just about this outer world, apart me, the 5-D consciousness. It's the whole thing, 1D all the way to 5D plus. That's the work that we do together. And some students, like I said, if they're not all five, they get kind of upset about it. They're like, I just want you to give me the hat. I'm like, well, I don't want you to pack your way and you get temper results and chip back bars on you. I have so many students of women, especially, I hate to say those women who are in toxic relationships. They think they can fix a toxic relationship with Feng Shui. No, the answer is you dump us ass. What is wrong with you? These tools are supposed to develop you. They help you make better decisions, not perpetuate a bad decision. So this is what I mean by some people are not ready for this. They think that they can use these tools to control and manipulate their reality. But I don't know. You use these tools so that you level up yourself out of your toxic environment. You see? So it's really an inside out job. So the 12-E program, we have a brand new court starting soon, starting with real estate numerology. So here's what I'm going to do. I haven't done this in a very, very long time. You get to get on a call with me. It's complete free. You get on a call with me or my team, but I'm going to be in those calls. And I'm going to diagnose what is an unseen energetic block that's happening for you and help you find a solution moving forward. So once again, completely free call. You do have to pay a deposit, but it's refunded to you when you show up to the call. And we're just going to talk. We're just going to see and talk and kind of understand, okay, what has been the pattern? What's been going on in life? I'm going to diagnose what goals are you not able to really reach? Right? Like kind of like these clients who are kind of stuck. They got a little bit of results but kind of stuck in something. I'm going to see like, okay, like what is really the block? Like what's like the big gotcha here? And kind of give you a path forward. But again, this is for only for people that are truly ready. Comment, I, if you're like, I would love to get, I would, well, no, everyone's qualified. I would love to apply and see and talk to you and kind of figure out what is all what's wrong about the energetics. And keep in mind, this is a 12 week program, right? So this is the real estate numerology, the fung shui, the ash cartography. This is just like three or four weeks out of the entire 12 weeks. Like we're going to do, we're going to like clean you up inside out one level, one decontrolment, the 12th, the consciousness. So if you're ready to do that, please click on the link that says 101 call with me. Please take a moment to fill that application. Like I said, not everybody's qualified. And take a moment to fill that out. Otherwise, if you're like, Hey, I am good for now, but I would love to ask you a question twice a month, every single month, because I have decisions, I have choices I have to make. Please feel free to click on the school link as well. Give me one second. Everyone should take, I'm going to log off about about 10 minutes, so everyone should take a moment right now to hold that application. So I can see who you are. And I can and so that I can prioritize your call. But the purpose of this call is basically to see if you're a good fit for artist's way, but also for me to see like what's going on? Like what let's dig deeper like what is really kind of going on behind the scenes. So please say I if you are in the process of filling this out. Okay, wonderful. Did everyone save the link down? Did everyone fill or save the link down just in case? Okay, we have people saying they fill the application they booked a call just so you know, not everybody can book a call. Like there are systems in place so that we weed out some people. My time is very precious. Your time is very precious. We really want to make sure this time is well spent and well used. Can't be talking to everybody, right? So in the meantime, how was this call for you? Okay, we have a lot of applications coming in. How was this call for you? Was this useful? Was this helpful? Was this illuminating and lightning? In this call, we're going to pay attention especially to what part of you keeps attracting you. What part of you keeps attracting you? To the said real estate or ask photography or numerology. Okay. Yes, helpful, so useful. Please comment before we wrap. Please comment if anybody is in the process of filling out the application. Right now we have a couple of people that are filling this out. I see you. And if you're like, hey, I have questions about my house like, hey, right, I have questions. Can you read me or whatever? Please join my school. Please join school because I go like twice a month to answer all your questions. That won't be me like coaching you and helping you in this fashion. But I will at least ask one of or answer you one of questions. So if you are on my technical or my website, I'm going to ask you a question. We're going to jam wherever please click on school or DM me school and I will see you there. Otherwise, I love talking to you guys. You guys are amazing and terrific. And I can't wait to see you guys next call. Bye.