 Hello. How is everybody doing? So we are live. We are live. Can everybody hear me and see me okay? Can everybody hear me and see me okay? The answer is yes. Hello. Okay. Hi, Angela. Hi, Tammy. Hi, A.E. Pachia. Who else is here? This is a really interactive session. The more you are able to engage with us, the better obviously. I highly recommend you all to be able to share and connect with us. So what I would love for you guys to do is tap your name and we're going to be going in from what city state country? Hi, Sarah, Daria, Serena, Cassie, Maria, K, Messolina, Hi, Janey, Hi, I think a lot of you. Hi, Adanya. So good to see you. So good to see you, Adanya. Adanya, you just start exploring the portal. At all. You guys should have my hair up or down in this life. Because I have a hair clip. You're probably like, why is that important? But I like feedback on these things. Let me move the lighting. The lighting so that you can see a brighter version. Currently in Austin. Okay, cool. So you guys, like I said, this is a really, really interactive live. We're going to cover super important information today that I would hate for you guys to sort of miss out on. Okay, so plan to block out like a solid hour to 90 minutes. Okay. Because I would hate for you guys to miss out on this. Let me just catch up on the chat. Teresa Sarah, year Serena Maria. Murdoch, Kristen, Kristall, Lana. Okay, cool. We had a lot of people register for this. And we're kind of like dialing in from multiple platforms, not just a webinar jam, but Webinar jam is a best place to be. Because this is where I'll be sharing the most amount of information. So to speak. Okay. So can you guys continue to drop where you're dialing in from? I really want to know where you guys are calling in from. Like what city state country? We have so many people coming in from all over the world, Tammy from Napa, California, like path 11. Life path 11s are really emotional. And sometimes that's not a good thing. Okay. It's a master number, but you know, with great power comes great responsibility. And if you don't know how to handle that, you're going to be incredibly annoying to a lot of people. I say that as a live path love myself. In your home, your home also has its numbers that it will absolutely reflect. Let me share my screen. I think we've had plenty of time passed by. No, let's give it like two more minutes. So Mimi from Tiktok says life path eight soul urge 11. I don't really go into soul urges. I just want you guys to know I don't really care so much about that kind of stuff. I care more about your overall life path. Maybe your secondary life path. And I also look at your house number. There's lots of hidden ways to calculate home numbers. And I'm going to go more into my own personal story of how much my house number has impacted me. So I am super excited to share that with you guys. Okay. I'm going to start sharing my screen. Is everybody ready? Did everybody block out a solid hour to 90 minutes for this call? Did everybody block out about 90 minutes for this call? It's very, very important. Okay. We're living through a very interesting time where numerology and astrology is becoming more popular. But not a lot of people understand how to exactly work with it. And people also don't really understand the powers of it. This isn't just some gimmick. Okay. This isn't just some sort of shortcut to the reality that you want. It's way more than that. It's actually a great feedback system on yourself. Okay. So I just want you to know some of this information may be upsetting for you. Don't shoot the messenger. Okay. But I'm also going to show you how to shift it. How to energetically change your address. So let's get started because we have a lot of people in this room. And I don't know why anybody's time. All right. Let's see. Let's see if I could. Okay. Okay. Can everybody see my screen? And if you're dallian from TikTok, I apologize. I you can't see this. Best way to learn from me during this call right now is to stay on this platform. Stay on TikTok. Or if you received an email from me, come. Please come through my webinar. Jam training. And you'll be able to see my training from here. From your email. Okay. Great. Great. Great. Let's get this show on the road. I did your PDF. I'm sure I realized all my address was an eight wonderful. A lot of y'all are terrific students. You guys actually go through my cheat sheets. You actually use my calculator. You actually do your job, which is phenomenal. Phenomenal, phenomenal, phenomenal. So many people ask for a lot of free shit and they even do the work. Like I don't understand like why do you ask so many people think they can get to a certain outcome or a certain result just by doing free shit. I'm sorry. Welcome to reality. You got to kind of pay to play. Okay. So part of what you pay is your own energy is your own time investment. It's you showing up and doing the work beyond just like the monetary financial investment, right? I say as someone who's helped so many people get tremendous amount of results over and over and over again. And let me tell you when people show up big in their reality that those are the ones that actually shift and change. So. This session right here, don't bullshit. Give it your 100% okay. Whether you came from my email from my calculator from my tech talk, whatever it is. You're not here to fuck around. You're here to actually show up fully. Yes. So pay attention. Okay. So this is part of my portal series. This is part two called address all the way to call this training is real estate numerology. Part one we did Feng Shui. If you miss that training, we can send out a replay of that after after this training. But this one is part two of portal because you can absolutely change your reality by creating portals, shifting portals all around your house outside your house by moving. I really believe we're going into an era where people will start traveling to access certain energies and parts of the world. We're going to see a market growing around real estate where people really try to hunt and shop and try to snipe certain addresses. This is going to become more and more and more. Thank as people become more aware and in tune of energetics. That's a prediction that I'm making right now. We're still entering a time and space where we're becoming super psychic super in tune energetically and very curious about how we can start to borrow and co create with a world around us as opposed to just dealing with what we've been dealt with. Just dealing with the house that we were born in. We're just dealing with whatever the cheapest apartment or condo was to rent like mark my words. I don't know if you guys already feel that this way, but the billionaires and the millionaires have been doing this for centuries. I don't know if you guys have a time or so many people are about to try to shift their astrology shift their karma by actively moving and changing their homes. This is another way of saying therapy might kind of become a dying field. Okay, because did you really need 10 years of therapy or did you just have to fucking move? I don't know. I'm just saying. Okay, so for those of you guys that don't know, I kind of talked about this in my previous training, but 2015 was the worst time my life. Literally, that's when my spiritual adventure journey, whatever you want to call it started. I graduated college in 2012. I thought I was on top of the world. I went to a really prestigious business school undergrad graduate top of my class, got a really great job in Wall Street. And I felt into a deep depression shortly after. And I always thought that there was something wrong with me. I always thought that I was in grateful enough. I was like, you see, I'm not one of these like random like intuitive people that you see online that just became like famous overnight for no reason because she knows how to make videos. I had a normal job way before this. I had a really good paying job for years and years and years. And I was on track to become like an executive at a big sob company because I left the hedge funds and I didn't like it anymore. I had made conscious decisions to walk away from a very stable career because I was really depressed. And to be honest with you, even though 2015 was a rock bottom for me, I still stayed in Wall Street tech all like in those industries all the way till like 2019. But I had dormant skills. I had dormant abilities that didn't really fully tap into, but I always do it that it was there. And the way my point is 2015 was when I had an enormous spiritual awakening. And I really start to get curious like, you know, I'm not broke. I am doing really well for myself. I have friends in the family that love me like why am I so unhappy? Like what is wrong? It almost seemed like the minute I stepped into New York something changed in my life. So I don't know if you guys ever felt that way about a location, a home, whatever. But you step into a brand new environment and you know something's wrong. You're like, uh-oh. So tap in the comments if you can relate to that. Tap in the comments if you ever been to a new country, a new city, a new home. And you already know your life's about to change and you kind of feel something's off. Like you already know like there's a deep archetypal shift that's happening. So I felt that in New York City graduating from a really great university moving to a city that everybody said I would fall in love with. But I felt miserable and that went on for 10 years, which is a whole separate story. And the also the reason why I knew something was off was because everybody around me was happy. Everybody around me was so in love with New York. Everything was working out for all my girlfriends, all my guy friends, and things were just not working out for me. Also just full disclosure like I was engaged long time ago and the minute I like stepped into New York City, I wanted to not be engaged anymore. It was weird because everything was great in the relationship. Like I had zero complaints but something completely shifted. So what became a spiritual journey obviously turned into a calling to help people from all walks of life because I was finally able to gather their tools to explain to people what's really going on that they don't need to waste so much time trying to fix and therapy. So like I said, I had a whole career before this, but about five, six years ago I started a dangerous very quickly blew up became multiple seven figures in less than four years. I told you guys I'm expulsion and tech, but I'm also an extreme writer. My screenplay slash my films have premiered around the world. Just in case anyone tells you internet as bullshit, it's not. It also landed me a TEDx gig that I gave at the beginning of 2024. You can go look it up on YouTube. I'm on the TED official website and we really have a global presence really working for people who are top 1% mindset, meaning people who are willing to grow and change not 1% income, but 1% mindset. And this all came to be because I realized like there's so much unseen forces that govern our reality that people just don't talk about kind of like me right like actually. You are probably here because you've done the thing that everyone told you to do. Tevin the comments if you've gone to the school that your parents and friends told you to go to you maybe even went to church. Maybe you're a really amazing daughter and son maybe have a very responsible job. Maybe you have all the things adults in your life told you to do and be tevin the comments if that's you say I if that's you like you had a respectable whatever. And you have a very important relationship career maybe even relationships and something is still not right. You still know that you could have more you still know you could 10X your life but it's just not through the ways you've been doing. Say I if that's you like you like you genuinely know you gave 110% you showed up for yourself 110%. 200% and she's still weird or off or not working and one of the answers could be your house and one of the answers can be where you live. But I want to tell you guys the places that you're attracted to the homes that you're attracted to your soul on some level call you to that which is what we're going to talk about today. Wonderful so like I said this is part two of the portal trading series specifically we're going to talk about real estate numerology which is another way of saying address and I'm going to walk you guys through several ways to decode what your address means. Because I think just like the generic way of calculating real estate numerologies incorrect that it's wrong and you know my parents are diplomats I'm moving around every year so. Since I was a baby so I have over 30 addresses I have gone back and calculated what literally every single address means for me and also what's really interesting is the minute I stepped into New York City. I start to live in very same recurring addresses it's not a nine. I know y'all know that I don't like good night but it's actually not a nine so it's something else that I've never revealed before and I'm going to reveal it today but before New York City I've never lived in that number never. And when I start living that number that's when I start experiencing things I didn't like. Please tell me you guys are excited for that because I've literally never revealed out of my life. See everybody thinks I lived in a nine I mean I did once upon a time but it was not even that long I don't even want to count it but there's another number that I used to live in that I really really really don't like and I brought it I must have so carried that vibration because I brought it with me to California but I shook it off I did a ton of inner work and shook it off. So you guys are about to find out what that is. Okay so once I got to New York like I said I noticed that an address kept falling me around I want you guys to have in the comments if you have an address that kept falling you around. If you did my real estate numerology calculator. You should have you should know what your L and plus L2 is. So tell me it's a five no no it's not so but why is this important because sometimes the objective world and the narrative world touch and that's called synchronicity this is a literal quote from Carl you know okay and I study Cone you a lot I study Joseph Campbell because you guys know I read tarot. So your auto reality is literally a reflection of what's going on inside of us and when they need it's called synchronicity okay so your address you think it's an accident it's not an accident it's synchronicity it's saying something about you that maybe you're not willing to confront okay and I had to look at the hard way. I knew I had to go deeper I was like okay I've done the whole traditional path wasn't happy I knew I could make more money I knew I could be in better relationships that wasn't happening and so I also didn't like therapy that was like not doing anything for me so I was like I knew I had to go deeper. And before I go into real estate numerology I want to mention something really quickly our reality has nine dimensions okay. The narrative world the imaginary world the feelings thoughts all that that is source that's intuition that those are higher dimensions okay but the 3D reality your body your your literal your your literal 3D reality the things they can touch feels smell that's the objective world. So you have to understand that what we're about to talk about like real estate numerology ask for toffee function a group energy all these things are 5d plus consciousness meaning if you're not vibrating at a certain level you're not really going to understand what we're talking about right we can talk about the vibration energies of numbers we can talk about function way we can talk about ask for toffee we can talk about how cities have energies but if you're not tapped in to that 5d plus consciousness you're going to be like what is she talking about. Okay because you're too literal you only believe what you see that said you also cannot discount one through 4 dimension consciousness your emotions your emotional catharsis like fixing your your trauma fixing your personal history going on your here's journey really studying your personal energy I feel like oftentimes people want quick answers and quick fixes and they go jump they go straight into the real estate numerology or ask for toffee without doing that inner work first without really figuring out. Bordy consciousness 3d consciousness and they get very sad and upset because they're like why do I keep attracting the same addresses. It's because you haven't done that inner work first so people get very disappointed when they're like well why can't why can't I just go straight to fix in the outside because you can't just fix the outside without fixing the inside first and even Feng Shui you can't just like fixture life by fixing your house. Do you know how many clients I have that want like happy relationship but then they have like a portion of a single girl in their living room it's like why why did your subconscious like want that painting. It's weird so before I die fully in I want everyone to be super real and super honest with themselves that without doing this work sorry this work down here first the lower dimension consciousness work first there's no point of you being this training right now doing this work because you're going to combat next year being like I'm still the same address. I'm still the same address I'm still the same location I can't seem to move. So so just know that there's an order of operation and and PS for those of you guys that are like I want to understand and navigate the nine dimensions of consciousness you have to join our school you get a three day trial it's on if you're in the webinar jam right now it's linked as our offer you know three day trial should join absolutely 100% to get all the cheat sheets to get all the general promise to get more reading so you know what I'm doing. So you get more reading so that you can bump up the nine dimensions of consciousness. Okay is this clear is everyone with me so far on this does everyone understand what I'm talking about here because this is a very very important slide. This is not a fix this is not something that will be the end all be all to your problems especially if you haven't done this work first and I want you to go into this knowing that we're really talk about five is plus consciousness and everybody thinks everybody think they're woke by the way. I've never met a person who doesn't think they're woke I never met a person who doesn't think they they're like like this like insightful like pie is purse everybody thinks that everybody think everybody thinks of the most self or person average like believe me the more what people the more I think people just are don't realize how crazy are so. Okay so just confirming that we're doing real estate and emotions today but if you haven't done that inner work first is probably not you're probably not going to get the results that you desire to see. Okay so 2020 2015 is when I started to study Feng Shui all these years subsequently I studied astro photography astrology, terrible and all the stuff but when I really start to like practice it right like really started moving really started changing things on my house that's that was around 2021 2022 so 2022 is when I started to move around even more like a crazy person like traveling to my. You're in a line my Jupiter line my sunlight my Pluto line. Yes I try to my Pluto line to see what happens that shit is real that should absolutely works especially since I'm a reflector um you know reflectors have. Undefined centers were so completely ruled by all the planets so that had the biggest impact on me but it wasn't until late 2024 2025 when I really start to also. Practice real estate numerology now what do I mean by this when I say practice will see numerology actually mean like actually changing addresses you guys I try. To get into a two house a master number 11 or two house like 20 times I've interviewed with 20 different landlords who own two houses because that's what I wanted. Because I never I mean I shouldn't say that I have live in a two house I have live in a love house time out this is really important I'm a master number 11 okay I'm a master number 11. Which means I'm very compatible living in a two house or an 11 house. I started Fadress this company at a hidden 11 house. I met my ex fiance at 11 house. I 10xed Fadress at a head in 11 house. And there's something else happening in my life that I don't want to talk about right now and that's also the reason why I have not. Been really on social media but I'm currently living in another head in 11 house and there are some really amazing stuff happening behind the scenes for me. So. And notice I keep saying hidden hidden hidden. It's because it was hard for me to get an actual 11 house probably because vibration I wasn't prepared for it right but because I know this calculation because I know how to calculate the hidden and energetics behind addresses I was able to capture. And read through the hidden vibrations of addresses that are not a two or 11 on service nobody tells you this stuff by the way this is not making this Google. So even if people come to me and they say they freak out they're like oh my god I live in an eight and I do the calculation I'm like you don't actually live in an eight you live in a four or whatever or five so don't freak out because then there are ways to unlock the hidden thing. So I just want y'all to know every time I see a celebrity moving or buying property or merging homes I'm like I know what they're doing that like I can tell. We know whether or not they have a neurologist or an astro or an astrologer's I don't know what they kind of know what they're doing because I've done the same and every time I've done that my life has literally 10 x like this is not bullshit like this is real stuff and of course you can only imagine. There's levels to levels right like a Taylor Swift or a Kanye loving an 11 is not going to be the same as me when I'm living in 11. Yes will your life catapult absolutely but they've done what they've done what they've done this work down here. Even if it's not emotional work they've spent a fuck ten or more hours in the studio practicing recording rehearsing they've done so much more touring right they put a lot more money into their performances so this is what I mean like if you want a certain outcome or result you also have to put in. They didn't like Taylor Swift or Kanye didn't go straight to it just buying property no they put in years and years and years of just blood sweat and tears self-developing first and when they got kind of dangerous and start to make fucking money they were able to blow that up with the real estate and ask for tariffy so everything that I teach you guys is always to tip you guys over to the next level in the easiest way possible but by no means should this replace the work that you do with them. Like you should do that nine dimensional work I'm telling you as a professional who has worked with people for years and years and years you you might want the sexy stuff you may not be ready for that shit no matter how much you desire but I'm just going to share this with you just because why not. Okay so like I said I have over 30 different addresses. This is just like a snippet of my self spreadsheet it's obviously longer of all my addresses that I've lived all throughout the years including you know back in Singapore and Germany because I grew up in Germany all the way to New York I even did you know what year was a house built it as a year of the rad is the other snake all the stuff. Not shocking but I did the best in the year of the she-pouse which is kind of old but the year of the horse but anyway. So this method right here this calculation I passed onto my other students and it's changed our lives like literally you can see here Jocelyn she's got a new job and she gone to she was actually accepted law school and she became more aware of the patterns that she was called in her life because she can use these tools as a reflection of what she's putting out right so I want you guys to know like we have so many testimonies like this. And this can happen free too. Tap in the comments really quickly if you did my calculation and you know what your L1 plus L2 is L1 plus L2 and or or tap in the comments if you notice you keep being attracted to the same address same unit number same street number if you add it up tap in the comments if you notice that pattern because we're going to go into what that means for you and why keep attracting that. Yes and also I'm count the hotels count the Airbnb's like wherever you stay I want you guys to the mental model of like do I keep living in the same address okay. Alright so there is no such thing as curse or blessed addresses it's just an address it's just like you're track to it's just a number right. So you can see like I have so much more but I have screenshots of people literally constantly tracking the like a nine or five or three over and over and over and over again. And you can see I've like done like case studies on the con you and Taylor on like how they literally move into like 11 house before their life like catapult it right so it's like there are recurring themes here. And for people that are like really confused about how to calculate this we're going to go into the exact method so I just want you know it's not uncommon for people to keep being attracted same number so for me. Maybe I'm just exposing myself but I hated my life in New York I hated my life in New York I have a really terrible astrophotography in New York. So already it was bad but I kept living in a six in New York City I kept living in a six. I don't mean L1 I mean L1 plus L2 being a six that happened over and over and over again. Now if you know me in my content you know that I don't like a three I don't like a six I don't like a nine. Because three is a crowd that's what that means three is a crowd six and nine is a multiple of three I moved around a lot okay first of all take a screenshot of this we'll fast I moved around a lot so and I'm only child so I never really had stability socially I kept moving around right I kept changing schools I kept changing countries I kept changing homes and I had no friends I had no siblings it was just me and my parents so what did I crave the most. What do you guys think I crave the most. The minute I became independent can anybody take guesses. I'm dropping so much gold you guys it's crazy. Stability. Good guesses keep going no one got it right yet social let's kind of close. What do you guys think I craved and I want you to think about this for yourself subconsciously I craved family and friends that will never. It's funny because it's not like real friends or family that I crave but I really craved. What I perceive to be connection and family. What I perceive to be um you know like even having pets was hard going on because I kept moving and we have to like constantly give up our dogs or cats like I didn't want that so I wanted. What I perceive to be like an anchor like a social anchor and guess what I got that and I got that a lot in New York the problem there though was that because six is a multiple of a three. They were I don't want to expose myself too much but basically there was a lot of like a trail the seat but at the same time you can't just cut them off because your friends you know I felt like I had to forgive a lot of people and and misbehavior just because. I finally had like friends and communion connection like siblings that I hadn't had in a long time so I had people around me that I tolerate it. So part of the reason why I hated New York so much is because I had a lot of friends and lovers that just weren't good for me. They would never leave me but they just weren't good for me and I attracted that because that's what I crave like I just wanted somebody who I would never have to like you know have to be forced to separate ways with it and I didn't really care whether or not they were like healthy for me and I had no standards of what is healthier. Or not healthy because I just didn't really have that growing up there was no sterilization. Six is always a very interesting number because it and on one hand it does mean like yeah like love and friends and family will not but more often than not I see people living in these homes. That are too distracted by their friends and family or like depressed because you know they suddenly have kids that they didn't think they would have like it's interesting it's like that's why I'm saying there's no just all good or just all bad number like you want to really find yourself you really want to become independent you'll be pushed to one house. You don't you don't you want to leave your oppressive parent home you'll be pushing to a five house like whatever I talk deeply with someone I can see why they live in a certain address like on some level your soul chose that because it's so sick and tired of what was dealing with before. So let's go into calculating the actual vibrations of this is this making sense so far is this making sense for everyone so far. If you are watching this from my webinar jam or TikTok wherever if you're like hey I have no idea what you're talking about I need more explanation all my address means I have a day in school so I answer everybody's questions twice a month in school. You can literally DM me your address in middle of March I think the March 15th and I will tell you what your address means so if you're not in school right now get in on it you can go through the nine dimensions you can ask me any questions you want please make sure you join our school platform it's linked in the offer. Join our three day trial for everyone that joins today I will give you a very special present so make sure you click the link and check it out before this call is over but yeah I mean every single address is different which is why I'm going to give you my own interpretation March 15th or 14th but it's not you don't worry because you're an artist. I'm going to tell you directly stuff about your address okay. So basically you start here you start here start whether it's an apartment or a condo or a house whatever you start with a unit number okay this is. L one and then you start to add on other layers so L one. It's going to be your ongoing life event slash theme L two is when you bring in your building number or name and we're going to go into examples okay we're going to go into examples. What I really care about is L one plus L two because that ultimately is the long term result of the personal event that happens and what this means is. You live in your house your unit number kind of determines your every day obsession the thing that's on your mind the most. But your building number name L two is that catalyst that inciting incident that changes something in your life so with the ongoing theme plus that catalyst. Creates like a true game changer event as a result of living in the house which is what I care about L one plus L two. As you live in that house longer you're going to start feeling the effects of L three L four those are tougher to change unless you know really what you're doing so for everyone that's been living in your house for more than six years in your experience the exact same shit you what you really have to worry about is L three plus L four. Okay well for this presentation we're focusing on L one plus L two by the way for everyone that does join school please come back and type I want to see who you are. So that I know who to give gifts to. Remember it's just a trial so you can cancel anytime. I highly highly highly recommend for you to check it out because there's so much information on there and you're going to learn so much. So for example take a look at this one 40 Danielle 71 first read seven F New York New York 1 0 0 2 3 let's break this down shall we and if you're and once again if you're like hey I can't follow along to complicate it don't worry I got you I'll explain on school once you join. So yeah if you don't have L one or L two you skip it you skip it okay so my L one was seven F because we're starting from unit right so if you live in unit seven F F is an eight according to Caldwell numerology seven plus eight is 15 you're reduced it to a single digit so it's a six so this is where on the internet everyone's like oh you live in a six living a six okay well not not really. But your L one was a six then you bring in your building number plus name so one 40 Danielle okay so one 40 plus Danielle equals five plus a nine which is a 14 you reduce it to a five. So six plus five is an 11 so this is a hidden 11 house slash condominium okay L one plus L two is what you really want to do that's what you really want to aim for and once again if you're like hey how where's a Caldwell numerology Caldwell but make sure you join school because that's where you have it. So what happened in this house is my daily my odd because this was actually my my address was coming time my daily ongoing theme was six like it was very six I'm telling you like all my ashes in New York was mostly six energy but what changed the catalyst here was a five which was actually me putting my job and starting Vagress I was like I need to quit from this job that will never let me go I got to quit these friendships that will never let me go I actually was able to cut off certain things by moving into this house because that's what five does it shakes you out of certain things and six plus five which is a hidden 11 is where I started Vagress and I never looked back. Now did I know this going to this house no but once I look back and calculate it made so much sense and I actually got my clients to move into certain homes that are hidden 11 or whatever and it complete ginger lives let's look at another example 17 11 Waterloo Trail unit A so once again unit A that's a one right on paper but my L2 is 17 11 waterloo so 17 11 if you reduce it to a single it's a one waterloo if you convert it's an eight it's a nine so one plus nine is a 10 which is a one guess what one is what type of the comments what is one what is it stand for I love a one by the way I love a one for all of you guys that want to really become independent tap into your masculine you know build that business do well and by the way there's nothing wrong with being your mask whoever tells you that you shouldn't be your mask and they don't know what they're talking about okay if you live in a one you will 10x whatever you're doing to get that result you're seeking nice welcome everyone that joined school will make sure you'll get your gift at the end of this call so it's masculine but also leadership you're gonna start becoming a leader of your own life that's what this number means one it's super cool so guess what like this address is where I started fadres but this address is where I 10x fadres this is where it reached seven figure status like I said you got to do that in a work first right like I already knew my astrology pretty well I already knew my calling I already knew what my gifts were I already knew that I was going to do it like I kind of like coach people to really help them discover their greatest strengths what all that stuff but when I start to cooperate with these outside forces I remember feeling like oh wow like I feel like something's turning into these changing the funny thing is everybody has these got hunches but they don't always follow it you know they still always want to like for example like I could have I remember this is my first big house in Texas I didn't have to live here I could have just signed up for like a luxury condo I could have been like no I still want my people around me I still want friends I gotta want to be out now and could have ended up in a condo in Austin Texas and it would probably be in a six it would have probably been a six right for all of you all to have like address questions please join schools you can ask me in mid March okay but then everyone catch that that ever in touch the fact that this was my first time living in a big house by myself that was a conscious choice I made I remember thinking like can I handle this can I handle like a five bedroom like it's kind of weird but I did I didn't remember back to my old New York ways of like wanting you know people around me and wanting friends because at this point of my life I really cut off the old so um tap in the comments if you're living in an address where you're like I've outgrown this I've outgrown this and I don't want to live there anymore so let's go back here if you live in a one let's run to this really quickly if you live in a one you'll be very independent in your masculine you'll be dragged you'll be you know a leader but there's a really high chance will be alone you have to work out whatever it is and and get through it so that you can like learn to be independent um if you're in your two if you live in a two house you might have pretty good relationships but you might share with money no offense that's going to happen if you live in a three uh you're going to have a lot of friends you know people around you but there's going to be cheating there's going to be in fidelity there's going to be people that lie to you it's just it just is like that okay if you live in a four so yeah I mean I hate telling that to people but if you live in a three on some level you have a commitment problem on some level you're exploring your single girl single guy era you just don't want to admit it okay um if you live in a four you might feel like you're in present you might feel like you're restricted but you're going to have a lot of stability security so I often find people who live in a four they're these are people that are finally starting to make their own money people who are finally starting to pay their own bills having to be a big girl big boy make their own decisions that's the people that live in a four if you live in a five these are people that have been in a long term marriage that they hate or have been raised a very strict parents I want to break out of it and need change and travel to like break that pattern right if you live in a six that was me I already told you what happened there if you live in a seven these are people that need healing these are people that need spiritual healing and emotional healing mental healing to break free from a negative thought pattern but it's also a very I also think sevens are very neutral place because it's also place to find yourself if you live in an eight this is a place where you might make a lot but also lose a lot make a lot lose a lot and you got to be very careful how you treat people because it's the house of karma so if you find yourself feeling very bad and negative in an eight house there's a chance you have something in your consciousness that you haven't worked out yet if you live in a nine it means who lives in a nine by the way who lives in a nine and also how are you doing so far how are you doing y'all Sparrow says group in a nine so in the ISS group in a three I live in a double nine everyone says this is making so much sense yep I gotta say listen I this is where I piss off a lot of people with a nine if you live in a nine it means that you've been living your life in a way for a long time that is not good and you were brought to a nine house so that you can stop being that way like with all due respect and only you know what that is only you know what that is and if you're able to learn it on a comment this nine house will reward you it will reward you I just don't know how long it's gonna take that entirely depends on you so I've seen people who move out of a nine house and move into the nine house that's a universe saying you didn't get it you didn't fucking understand the first time let me keep putting you in a nine house I have one of my clients who lived in her third or fourth nine house and she got cancer cancer symbolically means it's your body telling you that the way you've been living is not good okay I've gone to so many arguments with clients over the stuff it's like I'm like don't shoot the messenger I am someone who lives and practice what I preach okay so I can tell you I'm getting this from like real data okay so anyway so who wants to learn how to how to fix this who wants to learn how to cure this how to fix this who's kind of like okay now I now that I know how to how to Catholic my real estate and neurology I kind of want to figure out how to leave this house Tammy says yes Jenny says yes Jocelyn who else hopefully this is everybody if you live in a 369 I'm really hoping you want to move just saying if you live in a one and you're like I can't attract the relationship well you can but there is a part of you that you know is still fighting for that space to be really independent okay all right so there's three ways I'm going to quickly walk you guys to the easy cure but I just want you to know I just want you to know this is a band-aid okay this is not a long term fix this only works for L1 the first method is called the number cure this is just the L1 cure you first have to determine what ongoing themes do you want to create what do you want your day-to-day to feel like so if you want to live in an 11 house but you live in a 5 just add a 6 behind your door okay work backwards from your goal what do you want to experience your everyday life subtract your unit number and add that remaining number in the back of the door so for example I live once plus I live in the 5 out of 6 behind my 11 door this is you start to signal to the universe I want to live in this house have this vibration okay and then there is a L1 plus L2 cure this is the Calvary and Meaning cure once again not a permanent fix this is kind of a band-aid might work just for a couple of months okay so and for by the way KELDIAN system of numerology is the most ancient numerology so I like KELDIAN as opposed to Pythagorean numerology Pythagorean also goes to goes from 1 through 9 KELDIAN goes from 1 through 8 and resets so 8 through F so that's the delta in case anyone is curious so for the L1 plus L2 cure you then have to shift and think about what's the long term result that I want to create so for example using these are the same thing if I want to live in an over 11 house but I live in a 5 then I have to give my house a 6 name so 6 so I just pick the random word bougie if I convert it to 6 so I would frame and put up the word slash the name bougie up in the house so that it's a 6 adds to my L1 plus L2 which is a 5 becomes an 11 so as you can see the first method is adding a number the second method is adding a name these are not long term fixes because your house is its own entity it's probably older than you it's connected to the earth and the earth is definitely older than you it's not just going to change its energy by you like adding shit on the house okay it's just not going to do that but it at least starts to set the intention of where you want to go and what you want to create in your reality you start to signal it and it does shift a little bit did everyone catch that once again if you're like hey I have a hard time knowing what my L1 plus L2 is I have a hard time understanding what name I have to add make sure you join school so Tammy says what what if you have a garage I don't know what that means that means nothing just go with your address okay so once again I'm going to actually answer your specific address questions on like on March 15th or so so make sure you join school to get personalized address questions from me who joined school by the way type I if you're like I joined school we have a three day promo water right now that's only valid during this live so make sure you click and join while that offer still standing so I think Murad al is a member who else is in school I think you're joined today I think there was a couple of other people Adania K Victor's in the club nice I think I think a lot of y'all are in school or trying to join school so Maria the link is under the offer section if you guys can't see it let me know Angela will drop it but it's also under the offer link if you click and one of the buttons in the winner jam okay so let's get into something really interesting here now obviously there it's not just your house right sometimes you feel something off beyond just your home who else feels like that so it's not even because you could be in a situation where you're like not only did I feel weird moving into new house but I feel I felt something different a rear when I'm moving to a new city state country who just curious just show of hands or say I the comments if you're like I know what you mean I moved homes in something sorry like home moved cities or towns or states or countries in my life changed like for me right it was like hitting me from all angles I moved homes I moved country so many times I always felt that shift every time moved but type in the comments if you ever felt like something was off beyond just your house so you can tell this is you if you feel like there was a dramatic pattern change so for example maybe you were always that person or relationships and then boom suddenly you're single or maybe you were always like the one like really good with money but then boom like you move and then show with money or like your health declines or marriage declines I mean obviously things like flip for the better too like maybe like start things start to work out in other ways or you get me might get more creative in certain locations I want to see more I want to see more you guys I want to see more of your thoughts with the moves I'm in LA and I feel the East Coast calling me you know sometimes I see celebrities making a dramatic move like to like Miami or like to to buy and I can kind of understand why it's like it's because your fate is about to change okay so for those of you guys I have questions about L3 and beyond right so the outside world like the zip code like the literal zip code or city state country this requires a very different cure this requires a very very different cure okay so the house you know the real estate numerology like the reason why I call this whole training portal is because there's really three parts there is a real estate numerology there's a function we're not going to function today we're not going to ask for tariffy but I just want to want you guys to know this is a 360 holistic process like every time somebody's like oh I just want to fix the most in the world and that's it no no there's other things happening at the same time like there's atmospheric pressures we live under your address is just one of them so when it comes to zip codes you have to start going to ask for photography you have to start going to ask for photography and it's the exact same shit so you're drawn to a Pluto line you're drawn to a Sun line you're drawn to a moon line for a reason it's you you're the one that's drawn to it so you have become like first and foremost very self aware about why you're drawn to that why you're creating that right so like I said I discovered from swear on 2015 astro guitar faster practicing around 2022 real estate numerology I start practicing 2025 but when I combined all three it was a fucking game changer now many of you guys have heard this from my previous presentations but it's I key repeated because it's so important astro photography is real because you know we get imprinted by neutrinos that travel through different planets and stars and we're born your city say country's exact same thing it's exact same thing your city the date was founded was imprinted by the stars so astro photography is really a study between you and your city say country and by the way there's like NASA funded research that's already being done around the world to to discover vortexes right to discover portals to discover like the different electromagnetic fields from different places and parts around the earth like like size is already behind this so if different parts of earth is transmitting different loves of frequency like why wouldn't it impact you like the you have to start thinking about this way every time somebody's like oh I don't know why suddenly feeling something maybe it's not you it maybe literally is your environment so something that you have to I'm not going to go into this fully during this time but something that you have to look at is your sundials your ascendant descendant mid heaven and I see and where the planets aligned in your chart in your city I've had several rounds of artists way right I've had several cohorts every single time we have students come in dealing with difficult life oh my god Saturn Pluto Mars in their sundials crazy like clockwork nobody comes in here with like son on their ascendant like it's insane I'm like there's your answer right there nope you couldn't just fix that through changing your edges you actually have to move or if you can't move we have to work on your function we have to figure out what part of the world is good for you and I should bring it into your house so I just want you guys to know when I was living in New York City and I was there for 10 years I found out way after that that Saturn was like two degrees away from my ascendant this is deadly and I've come across so many students who have this exact same thing in different cities in the world this is the classic no matter what you do you can't get ahead no matter what you do you have really oppressive bosses no matter what you do like people are not friendly to you so actually I'm really asking questions so if you have questions about that how to fix that we can get you more information so stay tuned and finally there are cases where the enemy is already inside the house right we're going to come back to the normal gym or on the second you guys but the enemies are already inside the house meaning your house is messed up I have this picture up who feels like their house is kind of weird by the way when I say house I mean like you like your interior design is weird like you have incompatible artwork that doesn't really reflect what you want you think like the colors are weird you think like certain object placement are weird obviously you chose it so you may not think it's weird but sometimes like when I walk into somebody's house I'm like your your stove is constantly dirty you have a mirror in your bedroom you have certain artifacts that indicate sadness but you think it's fine art so if you want to watch my function training I will send out more I will send out more information on this because there's a replay you can watch but I just want you guys to know this is a real thing I did this is a real bunny portrait I drew back in New York City I hung it up like I was so fucking proud of it for years and years and years and guess what the love that I tracked into my life was exactly like this bunny painting why did I who craved a really healthy love and connection why did I create this bunny painting look at this there's one bunny look at the other bunny they're not looking at each other just one bunny so one sided so you can imagine what kind of love I tracked into my life so it's exact same thing with you you can say you want something then why do you have certain things in your house okay so remember you can't outrun your objective world okay you cannot outrun this you still have to do the inner work you still have to be super real with your thoughts feelings your intentions your goals you have to go to the heroes journey you have to instead of just saying I want this you have to make sure you really want it inside and that's doing that out of work but I want you to know you're not alone okay you're not alone because I have so many clients is that the people that you're seeing on the screen shot or some of the people that you're seeing on the screen shot or some of the people that I work with you may have seen them on social media obviously there's celebrities YouTube whatever some of these people I work with and guess what no matter how much money you have you can't just pay to heal your inner your inner stuff your inner work your inner world you have to dig deep and do that so once you do that objective world work then you can start cooperating with a narrative world to really level up right nobody escapes the Scott free so my question to you guys is are you activating all three energies real estate numerology Feng Shui as Katarfi type in the comments if you're doing all the above have you proved your home against on healthy energies that's a Feng Shui thing I'm going to send out the Feng Shui trading separately after this but have you proved your home against negative energies because your house also has nine corners that need to be optimized which again not not a lot of people talk about this have you noticed a recurring pattern the location that you live or you unconsciously draw the same house number or address over and over and over again do you think you're balancing your feminine versus your masculine energetics against your goals which is a whole separate competition that we're not having I'm just curious you guys like is anybody actually optimizing all three because let me tell you the people that have game changer absolute game changer so the question really is are you right to ten extra life are you ready to finally like get your answers are you ready to start designing life when you're in terms are you ready to quite frankly save your time and take the guessing workout and actually be like you know what I want to understand what happens are I want to understand why I'm attracting to these places addresses and we'll fix it because you might just get it whatever it is you really want you might just get it and a lot of people have so unfortunately I can't go into all the techniques all the tools in this call right especially for those of you guys that are like not in a position where you can move if you're like I can't move state city country like I know I have phenomenal relationship with Paris France or Dubai or Abu Dhabi but I can't move there that's that's reality for a lot of us we can't just up and move but there are ways but there are ways to bring it inside your house so Janie says I've done the work and not ask for a yeah because ask for taught is a hardest so the key is to figure out based on my level of consciousness how do I reflect the house the location into a specific corner of my house and there's a very methodical way to do it but like I said in a more serious note how do we prevent you to stopping the traffic to that every time somebody's like I don't know why this is happening to me I'm like because you're so so I don't want to do it I'm not even joking but you don't know what you don't know like it's sometimes like we all need that mirror up which is why people like this right like we have at this point like hundreds of people that went through the arts program and complete change their life like well I don't want to call certain names but I can tell you right now the people that you're seeing on the screen in front of you they were in a certain pattern for a long time a long time when they said we started working together they moved they've shifted they broke patterns like it was crazy like that first big step is awareness and especially if you're not in a position where you can like just up and leave right it's very helpful because you can bring this into your home in a various strategic location so I would I something I love to tell people is like you need to shop you need to do the work you need to be in like an incubator where you're really locked down and do the work for like you know the work for like 12 weeks straight this isn't like something can be just done in a single call like you have to like really comb through level of consciousness to see where the block is basically to comb through and see this stuff right like peeling back the layers one by one why am I attracting a one why am I attracting a two why am I attracting a three so on and so forth and this is not a rational exercise this is they should be done in tandem with how the planets are impacting you to like the outer planets so I'm just being very very mindful of time but who in this room is like I'm ready to I'm ready to connect my life like I feel like I'm a high achiever I've done all the right things I need that one last puzzle piece to really understand what the fuck I'm doing wrong like and and get this right like who is ready to 10 extra life because for those because they're truly ready I have a very special offer for you that I highly recommend you don't skip on camera says me I mean everybody hopefully wants to take their life not just Cameron I just want to know I'm just I'm just genuinely curious Jamie Cameron you guys this is stuff that I really wish they taught in school like it's insane how many people are just stuck in a certain location and just live their life thinking it's they did something wrong it's like no it's really just not that deep but you first have to understand and be really really yourself like why did you are so call you to it why are you going through it again and just you know save time save time do the work and save time okay so this is a very special offer you can apply for one on call with me or my team member but most likely I'll be on that call it's completely free we do take a deposit because we want to prevent no show but once you get on the call we're going to diagnose what is an unseen energetic block whether it is ask for time for your old city neurology whatever and we're going to find a solution forward now if we recommend a solution for you you have to be ready angelic can drop the application link that be great please drop the application link you have to be ready to move forward if we tell you this right here is a problem and you have to fix it this isn't like I'm going to be diagnosing personally what's going on on these calls but if we propose a solution you have to be ready to move forward do that whole one through nine dimensional work yes hates for artists way we're going to actually see if you're good for the program during this call I am a very busy person you guys I don't have a lot of time but the time that I do make for people is actually artist way I actually make time for my artist way students like I work with them one on one we take all the guessing workout we do all the done for you stuff so that you know you don't have to sit there and calculate real estate neurology you don't sit there and calculate your ask photography we do all that for you that wouldn't be this call but I'll tell you exactly what is going on that's creating all this you know gap in your reality so this application should only take you like three minutes it is a coaching call just so you know it's only take you three minutes to fill out but for everyone that fills it out I will give you a gift as well I'm going to tune in and see what's going inside your house and I want you to bring that information on this one on one call not everyone gets to book by the way not everybody gets the book is that clear or my instructions clear I'm just curious if there's any confusion so basically if you get to book a call on this training right now I'm going to tune in and see what's what's going on inside your house because I have the ability to do that and then once you show up the call I'm going to go deeper a little bit and figure out what else is going on and find a solution forward because it's not just like a simple like let's move it's also kind of like okay why why are you attracting that like how do we fix that and you've been living in that vibration for so long too so it's not going to be that easy like I told you I've gotten to fight with people about this stuff I have literally gotten to fight and arguments with clients about this stuff because they're in such big denial I'm like okay well please say I if this is clear if if the instructions are clear if you're like I know what I'm doing this makes sense I want to figure out what's going on inside my house and then I'll have a follow call for a deeper answer Cameron says I miss Alina says I also please say yeah awesome thank you so please say also comment application if you're in the process of filling out the applications and if you've already talked to us that's fine you can talk to us again and I'm going to start in a minute I'm going to start giving my special gift to people who have joined school can I tell you guys something the last training I did so cool the last training I did I um I did the house reading for the people that booked a call and it was the coolest thing ever because they were like whoa how are you able to read my house remotely I'm like because I'm a fucking psychic I told you how many times I have to tell you guys this so Angela can you drop the link again please Maryland is asking for the application we're going to log off at about 10 to 15 minutes so please take a moment to fill us out now if you are yelling from TikTok please go to my link and buy out to book a call that will be terrific and for those of you guys that are like hey like I'm not really sure if I want to like work with you or like maybe I don't need to 10x my life like I'm kind of cool with my reality but I want to understand my address better please join school so that you get to ask me some of your address but you guys like I have people coming back time and time again being like oh like I don't you know I kind of want to think they want snippets of information it's like dude you know you have to change it like big time right I don't know do you have that much time like every time somebody thinks they have a lot to lose it's like you don't have that much to lose like no offense let me repeat that you don't have that much to lose like no offense and I have and I'm trying I don't want to get in trouble like I don't want to get in legal trouble so I don't want to like say the wrong thing here but I have a lot of people who also take the program for the wrong reasons like they're trying to manifest something or someone someone to their life there that they already knows bad for them like don't do that either you have to be willing and right it's like one sweep change like one swoop change no more band aids no more like cobbling solutions here and they're like one sweep change like you're ready for the shit okay but at the same time don't use like a magic magic trick either okay we're actually getting a pretty good amount okay so I'm gonna tap into I'm gonna start talking to people's homes because we have applications coming in who else who else please say I if you're in the processing application that'd be really helpful for you to know because I'm gonna start tuning in is Victor here is Victor here if you are Deleon from take talk is anybody on take talk trying to fill out the application right now please go do so ASAP so I'm getting really interesting energies I got a big trapped energy there's something about okay there's something about not out there's something about out growing the old stuff I don't know what that means there's something about I've outgrown I have okay Victor I'm getting I am I'm feeling like there was a there was somebody living in the house I was very oppressive is what I get so at this point it's beyond the house it's also about the relationship that you were in but it's also the house that kind of create this energy over pressure so it's really important for you to understand what made you be a track to that house and that relationship in the first place and it's really working out that part of you to stop doing that I'll be very curious to know where you move next because I also feel like you might be moving soon oh wow oh I didn't know that nice because I'm just going off my calls booked okay next we have Cameron next we have Cameron let's tap into Cameron oh I got someone who's very shy um I got someone who's very very shy Cameron I feel like you have a lot of things like skills abilities talent you can offer but you're too like afraid to really like move forward with it so I think you're kind of holding yourself behind or capping yourself there's something about the house's energy that's kind of putting a veil over like your authenticity does that make sense I don't even know if you can articulate it like that it's so fascinating yeah Daria it's because I don't think you were qualified to do that but we can reach out to you Daria if you're still willing to talk to someone Tammy so full disclosure for people that say that they're flat broke we can't talk to you because this is for ethical reasons like we want to make sure you're part of things in life that's why okay that's why okay we have so many people booking calls right now I mean this is a sick deal you guys this is sick I don't want you to sleep like sleep on this at all like at all um so that's what I got for Cameron let's see for I don't know how to say her name Dia let's tune into Dia let's tune into Dia I oh oh interesting is Dia here wow um very smart Dia is very smart very academic um but there is an energy here of like a little like too much doing things by the books and wondering why things are not going her way it's because you're doing too think like you're too rational I think the house it's there's something about it that's very like traditional like almost no realistic but you're not a very traditional person so but that you were drawn to the house because it's what you were told you should want that kind of a thing so the key is to really shake out of that and recognize like maybe life might have more to offer you if you kind of think in non-linear ways does that make sense to you and by the way you should fill out this application even if you're not interested in the arts degree program if in if in some shape or form if you're like hey I want to work through that first four dimension of consciousness you should still fill this out that's you or if you're like hey I want direct access to you as in me you should still fill this out because we're going to discover together like if you're ready for that okay so cool I hope that was helpful to you oh see look at that I don't even know that nice nice nice nice nice yes okay there probably is there probably is there probably is so I would go for it again and like I said you know we might be very kind of with you and say like we can't help you we might just be very very honest and say like we can't help you right Madeline Madeline Madeline Madeline here um uh enoc oh my god because you didn't fall in instructions that's why enoc can you please email Angela she'll take care of that for you enoc it was a monthly thing hello Madeline I get something about okay so this is someone who is very I get very sweet energy I get someone who is also doing things by the books um the big thing with Madeline is like she's still discovering who she is which is very interesting there is an energy of like I'm curious I want to know what else is out there but I feel this is okay this is someone who's actually like doesn't really know who she is yeah I there's a feeling of like too much it's weird because like this person has a lot of responsibility at a young age but not something that they signed up for and now they're in the process of figuring out who they are so the house is almost pushing them to be like go do you go find yourself and she feels really uncomfortable with that no idea if that resonates okay wow fascinating like I said I don't know any of y'all I mean I do I know some of y'all but not all of y'all okay Jackie is Jackie here okay okay Jackie has a really high level, okay, very ambitious. We're about to change her life if she plays her cards, right? But I think she kind of, I don't think there's a, there's something about like people that didn't give her granular information or like detailed feedback before. Jackie, you're someone that I think actually could really use artist's way because there's this, there's this like go big or go home energy, but nobody can tell you exactly what that is. I think that's part of the problem and the house is kind of like, the house is really pushing you to take big risks. And I think there's a problem with your actual relationships, like not enough like inspiring, motivating forces with like out of the box thinking our ideas, like I feel like you're kind of the leader on that front if that makes sense. So the house is, what's funny is your house actually reeling to the relationships that are causing Delta. Yeah. Pretty cool. Is Riri here? Oh, I love Riri. Riri is watching my content for years. Riri. Very, very, very strong minded, very opinionated, but like in a good way. I think this house is teaching you a lot about yourself. You deserve more. You need more. You deserve more. You can have more. And it's really pushing you. It's challenging you to dig deeper and figure out what it is you want. Riri, did you ever take artist's way? I feel like you might really like artist's way. Wasn't this fun you guys? Oh, I always really liked you. I thought you were always cool. Marilyn. Is Marilyn here? So Marilyn, OK, here's what I get. Wrong line, not wrong line. Wrong line, I shouldn't say that because that's kind of offensive. Wrong line of business or doing things in a very long-winded and efficient way, like not really tapping into your zone of genius if that makes sense. Victor will talk. We'll talk Victor. Is Marilyn here? Not Marilyn. Sorry, what's her name? Marilyn. Marilyn. Anybody still working on their application? I know a lot of you guys come back to my content time and time again because you know there's answers here. I know this about my stuff. I know this because I've helped a lot of people. So if you're kind of like I'm curious but I don't really know if I should do it or not, I just want you to know you have nothing to lose. Every time somebody thought they had something to lose, I'm like, turns out you don't. You really don't. You have nothing. So the number one investment you can make is literally in yourself. This whole thing is going to be about you and your issues and how to fix it, what's it for all? OK. So I just want you guys to remember that. And if you're curious, if you're trying to piecemeal the stuff for yourself, it's going to be hard. Take the guessing work out, get to the root of it, fix it once and for all. This is the year of the snake, right? It's the year of shedding skin. Stop holding on to the old skin. Just stop. It's time. Marilyn, did you catch what I said? I get something about inefficiency. So the house is kind of making you do a lot of busy stuff. The house is making you do a lot of busy stuff. I don't know what that means. Like a lot of busy work. It's not helping you really see what's the true issue here. It's not really helping you see like, you know, I almost feel like it's creating so much busy work so that you can like, you can't like take a breath and like, you're somebody who I would recommend doing like the feminine work in the artist way. Honestly. That's what I recommend. Yeah. Yeah. So Marilyn, like your house is just making you do a bunch of shit without helping you see like, that there's a real payoff by going full time and going all in on one thing. Okay, cool. Oh, well, we have one more person. K. I got someone who is not willing to be timid anymore. I got someone who wants to actually like make big changes, make big, big sweeping changes. And there's something about permission. Does that make any sense to you? Okay. So the house I feel like is making you not look for permissions anymore, but just do what you want to do. Finally. Hope that resonates. Okay. We have so many calls that came in. I look forward to. So it's going to be me and my team, but we look forward to talking to you guys together. And we're going to get to the root of what's causing the issues, but I also want you guys to be prepared. So here's a best way to prepare for this call. You're going to be sent to homework. Please do the homework. Okay. Please do the homework. Look through your email to make sure you got the homework and make sure you do the homework, come prepared to the call, and also be very intentional with what the 10X of your life look like. Like two X of your life looks very different from 10X. I want you to go big think about 10X and think about whether or not you're willing to make some dramatic change in your life to get there. Because if you're not, you're kind of wasting your time with this call. Okay. We have more calls coming in. Maria and oh, Maria. That's my girl. That's awesome. Okay. Maria, I'm getting something about, there's old, okay, there's a level of self discovery that needs to be made here too. There's something about like not only knowing what you're good at. It's kind of as simple as that. So or I was over the word trauma. So it's too scared to discover what you're really good at because you're afraid that like you might disappoint people if you go into doing what it is you really want to do. Thank you Victor. Okay. How was this call? How did you guys enjoy this call? I hope this was very, very helpful. I hope this was insightful. Please make sure to take full advantage of school and join school. You have the application link. You're welcome to book the application anytime. Book a call with me or my team anytime for us to dig deep and diagnose what's going on in your house. Okay. Thank you. I will talk to you soon in your call. Make sure you do your homework and I look forward to working with you guys. Take care. Bye. Bye. Bye.