 getting a perspective from each individual that I had with one on one's was I would say in some cases life altering and of course Feng Shui was probably one of the coolest ones that I never touched. June has organized things more structured in a way that makes me feel comfortable in terms of approaching the subject matter. The first aha moment I had was focusing on human design because there were a lot of things that were like oh is that how it works? I've always had the second guessing moments all the time whenever I come up with a solution and I'm not supposed to be the one coming up with solutions. I'm supposed to be guiding people towards a solution. The week after I started applying that at work oh man it has been let's just say less mentally burning in my chart it's manifestor energy so now it's like I'm starting different processes but I'm not necessarily trying to do what the generator would do and it made a huge difference but I didn't pay attention to how powerful that can be. Before I put the salt jars there were moments where morning I woke up there was anxiety or whatever and one week I've noticed that whatever negative self-talks I used to have have become very diminished. I can feel that it's halfed or almost eliminated so I know whatever those salt jars are doing they're doing something. Whatever is doing is working before I would actually have to think 10 times before I make a decision and I would never feel comfortable making that decision but it's like now I'm being more intentional about certain decisions that I'm making and I'm confident that that's exactly what's going to lead me down the path that I want to be in. In addition to those the astro-cartography broadened my horizons and through that conversation I'll figure out that I enjoy complexity, I enjoy challenges but I don't like chaos and the way that's was phrased to me there's nothing else I can say it's bang on it's on point it's more thin line between challenges and complexity versus chaos and it very quickly always goes into chaos and now I've become aware of it that's been my main takeaway from almost everyone on one and every other modules and I have to pay attention to it I want to prepare for it so that when it does happen it's less negatively impacting me. What can I control right now that is within my scope of control there's no way you can control other people or other energies around you but I can control my actions that I do depending on the energies that are thrown in my way.