 Heroes journey completely changed my life. There was a lot of manifestation. I was wild like crazy My whole life is completely different than when I started it about a year ago now I'm in the across the country. I left a stagnant relationship I ended up also starting a new job with better pay. I was really hungry for more and I enjoyed heroes journey so much that I was like What else can I do to get to the next level? I had a really peaked interest around Feng Shui, the astro cartography, all the environmental stuff. Artists way was like a fine-tuning within this new chapter. I have really also been inclined towards exploring more of what I can do with my purpose and my own gifts and potentially starting a new business and I felt like artists way was the tools that I needed in order to get to that next level. A lot of the Feng Shui has been big for me. It has really really changed my relationship with my space. I first moved into this apartment back in November and until I got to the Feng Shui part of Artists way I was not happy here and then once I started doing the salt here and started implementing some other things I've really fallen in love with my apartment. Really really changed the way I interact with my space and therefore really impacted my mood. I really didn't expect to have that much of the transformation in that sense of the energy in here and the way I feel in my apartment I'm ready for all the good stuff that's going to come in now that I've cleared that space. There's more coming. I had so much to do, frankly, unlike the Feng Shui side where I'm still catching up. I'm still implementing things, the explanation of the dimensions and doing that reflection on which dimension are you in and what do you need to work more on? For me, that came at a really perfect time where I was already feeling deep in my emotions and going through a lot of past wounds and having that language and framework of like, okay, I'm working through a very forced dimension stuff was really, really helpful and helped me to see it on a continuum of growth rather than just being like, why am I stuck, ruminating on these emotions? I watched it the first time and then I was like, okay, wow, I need to let that simmer.