 My apartment is new, has better real estate and neurology. And a way I have it set up feels like a sanctuary. Instant change in environment and productivity, the book that I'm writing, it's a lot more challenging than it sounds. I had convinced that whatever I had to write was not going to be a value unless I had a full manuscript after moving the furniture in my apartment and taking a moment to really reflect on all the artists' way of courses. I thought, I'm not a contact publisher anyways. I can send a sample, get an editor to push me and give me the deadlines and hold me accountable to finishing the book. And it's exactly what happened. And I never would have done that without understanding the value that is being brought forward into the world. I felt this big knot was coming undone. That was a humbling moment because I knew Feng Shui was important. It's lowered the barriers for pursuing things. I'm having my one-on-one, Hey Jun. She's saying to me, what value do you have to give to the people who are going to come into your life? When Hey Jun asked me that, I was really stuck that, made me realize that I was not in as high of a dimension as I thought. When I started a hero's journey, I did not believe in astrology, but I was intrigued. And I was open-minded. During that time, I life changed pretty dramatically. I was able to understand myself better, my strengths, my blind spots, and understand my own personality a little bit better. I figured out my business idea that I wanted to do. My current career got better. I was starting to hit walls where I felt that I wasn't advancing quickly enough. My biggest barrier was not feeling energetic in my surroundings as someone who's lived literally all over the world. My parents were diplomats. I, 100% believe that for each one of us, different cities are going to primary energy or steal our energy. I wanted to figure out how to make the energy my new apartment be supportive of my endeavors. When it comes to funcishway, this is the area in my house that I use for working. And then this is the area that I use for recovery. I have an autoimmune condition, which causes a lot of fatigue. And my bedroom is so optimized for like rest in recovery. I thought, I want more of this. And I'm ready to invest in myself to get these insights I can apply to my own life until the end of time. What I really loved about artists' way, and I really, really, really loved about it, was the small intimate classes. I got to know the people in my cohort, Hey, June, and to have the one-on-one sessions. There's only so much you can learn by yourself. Through listening to other people, I got to learn a lot. I was pretty humbled to hear about other people's experiences and seeing how that all lined up. I'm being shown that this works. I am seeing these synchronicities. Don't underestimate the systems that are bigger than us. Keep an open mind, because astrology, Feng Shui, real estate numerology, if you disregard the power and influence that they can have, you're not giving yourself the advantage that you could be. Why not take every boost you can, like to help yourself on your journey to get to what you want as someone who was a hardcore skeptic. And so we honestly still has that voice of skepticism. Don't underestimate it. Don't think you're bigger than these systems.