 I was just out of place where I started getting into more spirituality and manifestations and I kept seeing a June on takeoff as this is an opportunity that I need to take. I'm ready to go to the next level and that my personal development, my personal development, whatever it is, she's very intelligent, she's no nonsense. And I think it's needed in this day and age to have more women and mentors who are like that. For me, if I can only pick one in this infinite big list that guide everyone's needle charts, everyone's birth charts and human design and how those two things tie together because it provides you that blueprint of like where things were when you were born. And then what parts of it yourself, can you work on, can you improve, now can you approach up from a place of self compassion and abundance versus being critical or negative. And I think in this era where everyone is trying to like personally develop and self-improve it's almost been very focused on a lack of, oh you're not going to do this and instead of approaching it from a place of abundance where it's like you have all these amazing blessings out of the marriage. Since the day you were created, just fine tune some things, know what your predispositions are, know what your tendencies are. You can be the best possible version of yourself. It's such a beautiful thing. And I genuinely feel like that is just going to impact the rest of my life and it's just going to help me at the best of my life whether that's career, whether that's love, whether that's kids, like whatever it is. This is it. It's just invaluable information on it. I would just say like if anyone was on the fence or they're unsure, bite the bullet because the information that you're going to learn, like it's not just going to serve you for the next unit. It's going to serve you for like the next whatever 60, 70 years, this information that you're always going to pull from, you're always going to rely on. It's almost like eternal in that way and it gives you kind of an eternal sense of grounding, like it's so, so over and.