 The biggest breakthrough I had was getting to the crux of relationship stuff for me, particularly around my interpenbers, where that comes from, like need for control, and how that works energetically. The different layers of what's my spiritual raw material versus what's actually authentic to me, how do I learn from the people better through the different energetic tools? The breakthrough was on the second or third call with HeyJun, the light bulbs we know. Saw it through the lens of astrology, and saw it through the lens of my human design, the different places I've lived, and all the different energies there, was remarkable to see it all come together. HeyJun was like, this is the one where everyone gets all the most breakthroughs quickly off the bat. I had spent my life being like, I have to manage an anxious attachment style, and I got off this cord, I was like, you're so avoidant, it's so funny. I can't believe I've spent all the time thinking one thing and not the other. All of a sudden, everything makes sense, and I can actually get to the root of this. I loved learning about my life path number. The fungshway was really interesting. One of the places for me for ashore, cartography, the San Francisco. I'm actually flying there tonight. The other one is Mexico, so I'm bringing that into the love areas of the house that we're just sent by engine for minting. I've invested plenty and therapy. I've invested plenty and personal development, and I wanted something spiritual, hard to quantify rounds of knowledge and experiences in ways of being. I'm someone who really needs to know the why and the what and the how of how I do things. I was really careful about the type of person that I would want to learn from. I really resonate with HeyJun. Both from her career background, the way that she approaches and the way that she thinks. This is someone who I trust and who I want to learn from. I love group programs. There's just so much that's special about being around all these people who wouldn't otherwise meet. Especially for someone like me who lives in New Zealand. You just get so much insights and feedback. You see yourself through what other people share, through the mirror that HeyJun holds up, through different ways that the coaches feed back to you. I loved the dip. You can know something at a shallow level, but the application is what Arda Sway is for, is the difference between... I know what this is. And how do I own this is my own rather than having to rely on other people? It sounds really obvious, but looking at that from the mechanics of how your brain is wired, how your energy shows up in the world, how these different toolkits shape and influence your energy. There's a true freedom that comes from having the ground truths about yourself. That is an unfuck withable level of self-assurance, knowledge, and confidence and trust and safety that you carry with you for life, which is why I invest so much in these things. You had that knowledge forever. I think that's super priceless. I've paid New Zealand prices, so like 1.8x USD currency. So I think it's worth it every day of the week. I'm someone who invests because that's how I move time so much faster and progress so much faster. Definitely someone who loves to optimize. I'm excited to see the next iterations of how things align in manifest.