 I was already on a spiritual journey for myself over the last few years since my accident happened. It really sort of changed my perspective on life and what I was doing and how I was showing up. And then I found artists' way through Hagee and Stick Talk. It was kind of interesting because it was a fresh take. It was something that I wasn't hearing in my business. I was building the seven-figure business as I was moving along. And then I had my first big breakthrough, I think on our first or second call. I had signed my first seven-figure client, like just that one client, which was more than I think I could hope three years into my business. So that was a huge shift for me. And then in my personal life, I was having a lot of friction to my 15-year marriage. And I couldn't sustain what was currently going on. And then I felt really empowered, I think, as the best word to describe it. With all the tools that you guys were giving and all the things that we were talking about in our human design charts and who we really are at our core. And I realized that I couldn't stay in that relationship. And I had to move forward. And Hey, June specifically is always talking about not really hesitating. Because that's really where people get caught up. And I was. I was hesitating for like two years. I don't even think she was sure I was going to go through with it to be honest. But as you can see, I'm in my brand new apartment living alone. That was a really, really big piece for me. Because it was getting over-programming. It was really understanding who I was. It was moving through these pieces that I was brought up to believe and see and feel. And those were not really living in my truths and radical honesty. And it needed to propel me forward. So all the things that were stagnant got unstuck. And I was able to move forward in a lot of ways in my business and my personal life. Obviously those things are not easy to move through. But they make a big impact in your life, even though they're hard things. And when you face those hard things, you can really shift your perspective. A lot of the relationship stuff that you guys talked about, human design, especially certain channels that overlay. Why are we actually attracted to some people even though they might not necessarily be for us? And then understanding those components and how they play together. And really propelling yourself forward. Hey, June talks about connection and relationships a lot with ourselves and with others. And that's why I think she's into the Feng Shui and the human design charts and the astrology and the numerology. It's all at play at once. It's still a lot of information. And I still kind of go back sometimes. And I'm like, I need to relisten to that or redo this. Or I forgot this piece. Or, you know, there's so much to learn also. Like as you keep going and growing and becoming who you're meant to be. I'm not supposed to make impulsive decisions. And it used to bother me. When I would make a rash decision, it would never pan out for me. And now I know why. Because that's not how I'm wired. It's not how I'm supposed to process things. I'm supposed to sit with it. So understanding that is pivotal. I think a lot of us that are on this journey, it's all about searching for something within ourselves. And it's most of the time something you already know. But you want external validation for you already internally now. And when you can put your ego aside for a moment and the things that are moving around, you circling around you and put them aside, quiet all the noise and understand that all these layers and who you are, you might need a little hand holding to figure it out. And that's what artist's way, I think, helps a lot of us do. It's like understand who we are. So when those messages came through ourselves, we could really hear them. When I think I had started artist's way, and I was still in a merit that I wasn't sure how the heck I was going to either fix or get out of, my business was kind of doing okay. And I was trying to figure out how to go to the next level. And for me, I was really stuck in a vibration that was agitated all the time. And then now it's a different energy. Yeah, it's lighter, it's beautiful, but there are sad moments. And I think learning through the program too, that those things happen, but we don't necessarily let them control us. I think that's like another really big piece. There's a lot of layers here. I think if anybody's interested in doing this, they should absolutely do it. But I mean, really enjoyed every moment, the heart, the good, the ugly, everything.