 I've developed relationships, friendships with other women in the building that I moved in to. I had some changes that work in my role that have given me more time freedom and also I'm getting paid more. So that's like double bonus, which was something that I really wanted and I didn't struggle to negotiate that in the past. Really happy with that. I've had a lot of travel opportunities come up. I reached out about Artis Way because I had completed Heroes Journey and I was happy with my results from that. I was interested in some fung shui, the real estate neurology masterclass. Hey June was talking about the blank slate and I really put a lot of intention into how I set everything up in my space. I had an unexpected divorce and moved as a consequence of that. And I started from scratch with basically no furniture or anything and as I went through Artis Way I was able to implement everything. I was optimizing for relationships and for abundance, money through work. I've seen results and I feel the results in my personal space. I started putting my space together and was able to use the fung shui principles and I did use real estate neurology to select my apartment. I intentionally chose a five or my apartment that I moved into, which is the number of change. It seemed relevant to what I was wanting, especially being a newly single again. I've met new people in the building that are my age. I actually moved into that apartment June 15th, but I don't think I slept there for a weekend for probably the first two months. Just friends inviting me places, lots of travel, which is pretty typical for a five and it was something I was looking for. I just really feel that your space is everything. Whether you're not, you're consciously focusing on something in your space that energies all around you and subconsciously it's influencing you. When I walk into my home now, I just feel very calm. I can fully relax and I haven't been able to fully feel that way in a space before. So I'm very happy with the results of that. When I come home now, I feel very supported in all the different areas that I was focusing on through personal goals that I had.