 It's like every single week my mind was blown in some capacity. She really held up in Maritou's places where I do need to do some work still. I've been able to go back and dive into that and why and how and try to overcome those obstacles to keep going on the path that's really truly aligned. These programs aren't for people who don't want to do the work. There were so many great things about the program that's hard to pinpoint just one. One of my biggest aha moments was the one-on-ones with the experts just to be able to deep dive into these topics was so valuable and really like eye-opening. I had a really impactful meeting with the Astrakartography expert. It was kind of mind-blowing to see these things really do impact your life and how you can harness that to change your trajectory. Feng Shui was excellent and so interesting as well you know the Astrakartography. Again like mind-blowing and putting different pieces together to really create a complete toolbox. I've implemented a lot of the Feng Shui and have really seen a difference in the energy just within my own home. I listen to myself more now and listen to my intuition and those hits of downloads. I've stopped questioning myself because I think this program has allowed me to gain confidence in who I am and my own compass and really being able to follow that regardless of who I'm around what I'm doing. I can much easier tell people know in situations know and actually take some new risks in starting new projects, meeting new people and relying on myself a lot more now. When I encounter a block I kind of I look at that mentions to see if I'm checking the boxes before I make decisions you know is this coming from a place of being stuck in the past or is this coming from 5D but it's really coming from maybe 2D or 3D and helping me discern a little bit more where I am and where these triggers and obstacles are coming into play. I'm meeting about my mid-heaven that was really interesting to just get a better understanding of how I can utilize that. I've never seen myself as an entrepreneur but I've actually started a side project that I'm hoping to turn into like a digital marketing piece which I never saw myself doing but it's something that I've found my way to harness those aspects of me and my creativity and wanting to help people and teach and putting that all together. The biggest take-ways the community. Finding a community that's just as committed to understanding these different sciences, belief systems and it's real and like how do we use it and just finding a place where I feel safe to do that and explore this.