 I was not someone who could stick with one thing and I was like, uh, there's something wrong with me. Maybe I just don't have a life path. I'm someone who buys a lot of courses and then I get bored and I never really finish. But this is different because I actually went through everything and I really liked the fact that it was a choose your own adventure type deal. So I was never bored because if I wanted to learn something here, then I could go over here and I can learn this and I got really in the human design. As I started to learn more about it, I was like, oh, I'm not crazy. My personality, my way of being is not really accepted in society. So human design was very affirming in who I am as a person and I was like, oh, okay. So the reason why I'm not being able to manifest things is because I don't deal with my emotions and the reason I don't deal with my emotions because I'm an emotional-ass person. And after I did the North Node worksheet, it really just made more sense and more clarity of what I should be doing with my life. I stopped getting in my own way. I was very used to having this victim mindset and being like, oh, the world is just being this way towards me and this is why my life is XYZ. And I always thought something was broken within me and the happiness just wasn't in the cards for me. And this really helped me gain my own power and create life in the way that I want it to be and being my own like in heroes journey, being my own hero and my own story and really taking ownership of my life. But now I feel like a complete 180. I've been able to travel the world. I've been able to make such meaningful connections and I'm in a place where I'm financially abundant. I am doing a career change and it feels good. Everything just feels really aligned now. You're going to get as much out of life as much as you're willing to put in, right? I think that self discovery and understanding yourself, you can start to see the fruits of your labor. Hey, Junice said this a lot. If you start healing yourself, you are actually healing others by doing that. I'm really happy in the sense that I am now able to step into things that I didn't really have the confidence to do before. I never really had full faith in me as being an artist or being an actress or even starting my own business. Like all of these things were very, yeah, I would like to do them, but I don't think I'm capable or worthy of doing them. It's really helped me create a life that I don't think I would have ever gone for if it wasn't for this. So thank you.