 My original bull with artist way when I was a first interviewed for it was to move out. And I was not even in the plan to it's funny because the very next day I found out like I was going to have to leave the environment. I was in so that manifested quite I had to experience with numerology and you a little bit about ostracic therapy. I need nothing about fun for it. And I think Carden's way was the perfect intro to fun slay just because it can be so complicated. So one of his new, it just gave me more power to make decisions and shape the environment around me and then therefore shaping my reality. The fun show was also a big point because I was moving right. And so I was able to forward bank any big changes in the apartment. I did the fun show from day one, the numerology help because it also helped with truth in my view in it. And the zip code, it helped me just feel more sense of like peace and security. Drilling like I have more autonomy over my reality. Knowing that something you can't control, but if you have these tools like numerology, you can try ostracic therapy. You can do things, specific things to shape your reality. And I chose a war because I wanted stability and I wanted a place that I would feel safe enough to build some sort of foundation. I knew that with the four, there are some drawbacks that you might be more stirred and diligent, but I wanted that. I'm just very intentional. So for someone who's very intentional, this program works great. They're giving you the tools so you can be intentional about what reality you choose to create for yourself. Once I moved that of the previous environment, my goal was to find what unique skill or ability I can use to help create the world a better place. You end up coming to your conclusion, do the program, realizing that, oh, this is what I need to do. I need to tell my story. Kajun said that she catches by growth. You have to put in the work. So I was ready to do that. There are so many takeaways, right? Every class you're like, I didn't know that. Even if you have like a background in whatever with Alan and are teaching you always learn something new, it is a lot of information, but I'm excited to continue implementing these things with tools that I have for the rest of my life. So I'm really grateful for that.