 I was scrolling through HeyJune speaking about alignment and authenticity. The quote that always sticks with me that she said is like even Ted Bundy was authentic was he an alignment. But that really got me thinking I'm authentically me. Am I aligned with my path of greatest purpose? Heroes Journey was my first introduction into anything I just felt like I was kind of floating through where I was in my life. Heroes Journey allowed me to realize who I was at the time and grow and learn how to overcome any detriment in my chart, for example. It was more of, okay, this is who you are. This is where you're good and this is where you can improve. I've always wanted to change and evolve. And so that allowed me to get right with who I was and then how I can be my authentic self. It prompted me onto a whole new path. I started a business and it grew astronomically because I was authentically who I required to be during that time to get where I needed to go. Then artist's way was alignment and artist's way was wonderful because it honed in and sharpened my edges on alignment and where that flutter that HeyJune talks about was there and how to keep it there and stay in that heart space so that I can scale. That's what I loved about both of them. It taught me so much about myself and how I can interact with others and grow where I wanted to be and still want to be. I'm still continually growing and changing new moment to moment. I took my business more seriously. It's like everything fell into alignment. My clients started coming in. I started getting busy. Artist's way allowed me to scale even more. That's how I saw things changing because I was changing. My focus on how I was looking at things was changing in different ways. It was in all rainbows and butterflies and unicorns. It was a lot of work slogging through the mud of who I allowed myself to become and putting myself back into alignment. I've grown my business from zero to where it's at right now. That's wonderful where I'm looking at it more as where I've changed in myself, how it changed how I saw myself and it's changed how I see others and how I interact with others. I'm a completely different person than I was before I took your own journey before I took artist's way. You have to have an opening for this. It's a humbling experience in a lot of ways of where you've seen how you've been doing things right, how you have things in which you need to improve. After you go through the different modules, you have multiple aha moments of like, oh God, this is where I've been screwing up. This is where I've been doing this great. How can I do more of the great stuff and less of the screwing up? I just know that I've seen just as you've seen in me and I'm sure others around me have seen that my staff to my family to everybody else that there's changes. I'm still continually doing functue in my house and I've noticed the energy has changed not just around me, but within me. I've been putting those things up in my house and I've been seeing how more opportunities are coming for me. My house feels so much lighter. It feels like I call it my Shangri-La. And the biggest thing for me, because my life was so chaotic, was, okay, the first step is, why don't you throw out all the crap you have in your house that you don't use and creating stagnant energy? That was the biggest thing. And it never occurred to me that my pack rat cell was blocking my blessings from coming in or me being in alignment. I went and I cleaned out quite frankly if I can say it shit in my house and I had more opportunities coming in. I just want people to know that it can be at your own pace. It is as much as you put into it and I'm still learning. But the little that I, and I feel it's little in comparison to what I want to do with everything that all the information has been presented to me, what I have incorporated has created monumental change in the most important ways, which is within yourself. When you change things within yourself, you see your world around you aligned to that. And seeing alignment in yourself first and watching in amazement as things kind of align in your life too. And that started in heroes journey. It amplified once I did artists way. I am very grateful for the opportunity, for the information, for all the support and continue support that you guys give me. And that feedback that you guys give us too is where we can bounce things off of you is valuable. It's not just, you know, you're giving us a bunch of courses, a bunch of modules that we have to do. So many things that you guys add in so many resources that you guys give us too with other people that come in to help us to learn even more. And that is amazing. You get so much more than just a course. It's wonderful. I love the journey so far and I can't wait to see what comes of it as I keep going.