 I was in like a really weird spot where I was questioning everything in my life and I was like, why am I doing this? Am I even meant to be going on this track? Hey, Jen was really magnetic and she's just absolutely no bullshit. You can tell that she's coming from a place of experience. She's been through it. She knows exactly what she's talking about. And the reason that all of her messages resonates so much is because it's all a jet. Artists way was like, I remember I had the first call with Hey, June, and then immediately after I got laid off. But then I was like, I know that this was meant to happen because I'm going to start my business now and go all in. So just going full wholeheartedly into that. That's been the biggest transformative change that's helped bring it all to fruition. I just look back on my life. This time last year, I was in such a dark place and so last. And I wasn't getting promoted, not getting the pay rise that I wanted. And was just like frustrated in what I was doing. I was looking for validation in other people, rather than trusting myself and knowing that I had the answers. I just need to believe in myself. And as soon as that started happening, everything came together so fast and you become really magnetic as well. And so the people that you need to have in your life and that you need to connect with, they just reach out to you. And now I have such clarity. I feel so light and airy and excited. And I kind of imagine what my life would be like if I hadn't gone through the program to be honest. If it's worth adding, one thing that I really struggled with until I went through phagias was depression. And as soon as I started the journey, the mindset kind of just kicked me out of it. I don't know how it worked, but I stopped feeling sorry for myself. And it was like, no, I can make my own reality. The amount of value that you get, the amount of money that you put in, it's kind of ridiculous. And I think that that's so transformative. I've made incredible connections, especially through artist's way. And also through the discord group, I've made a friend, she's halfway across the world of Las Vegas. But I talked to her all the time. We'll be on calls for like hours every single week. The fact that the community where they would create that connection for us and being a part of the community just breaks through. All of the barriers that there is to creating a personal connection, that's pretty incredible.