 As I went deeper into the course, I had more and more opportunities and job offers and project offers available to me. Using the lessons of artist's way helped me orient myself to know when to ignore an opportunity and wait for a better one. And right now I have three on my plate that I'm choosing. One of the main lessons for artist's way was about being truthful about what opportunities come to me and really tapping into the ones that are right instead of feeling forced to grab one or rush into another. Learning from HeyJun's method about using all the different modalities in a streamlined and practical way. There were tangible benefits from that. That way of thinking was very powerful to emulate in my own life and how I continue to move forward and make decisions and grow. HeyJun's way of thinking and presenting was super impactful to me. One of the biggest takeaways was about learning the strategy for my human design type. As a projector, strategy is to wait for the invitation. HeyJun really defined what waiting for the invitation looks like. It's not so much of a passive thing. It's actively being myself to attract the invitations. I have to be active in my pursuit of self instead of pursuing outside things. The most impactful thing to me was the dimensions module. I was able to recognize what's going on inside myself and how the outside world is a reflection of that and how I can use that knowledge to navigate my life in a way that's intentional or positive. Looking at it at that framework really put something practical and tangible to make my goals manifest in my daily life. Going into the astro cartography, I really brought in the intention of having specific places in mind to match certain goals with certain sections so that I could bring the energies of places into those specific orders of my house. It really changed the way that I viewed my life. One of the biggest things was learning how to let go of control. It opened up more space in my life to see how things are working out and how I can be more conducive for them even more while also being more present and appreciative of the here and now.