
"Why did you decide to book this call?"
“How familiar are you with HeyJune’s content?” 
“Did you know that she was in the corporate world for 10 years?”

		
  

Basic Transition: 

“Look so I feel like we’ve covered a lot of ground here… Is there anything else that you feel like we haven’t covered that I need to know?” 

[prospect response] 

Well [NAME] - based on what you told me previously, I think what I have going on over here may be a good fit for you…

....because you know how earlier on the call you told me that:

You reached a certain level of “success,” but you don’t feel good about it (burnout, misaligned values, glass ceiling, stagnant revenue, etc.), causing confusion, delays, and deterrence from your true goals/desires 
You constantly feel misunderstood or disconnected by your peers/people in your life, and second-guess yourself 
You have conflicting inner voices about who you are, and what your potential is–
which is preventing you from having a clear aim at life 
You’ve read all the self-help books, done talk therapy, done somatic healing, enrolled in manifestation programs - and still haven’t gotten that shift you’ve been looking for 
You’ve been tolerating long-term apathy or emotional pain, and you plateaued out of traditional self-development tools
You’re hoping time will heal 
Unable to break out of negative relational & financial patterns
Searching for meaning and direction in a rapidly changing world

[prospect response] 

What you’re describing to me is a state of being out of alignment: different parts of you being pulled into incoherent directions in life (that you don’t particularly care about anymore, whether it is your 9-5 or stagnant relationship, etc). 

Lots of people, especially high achievers -  think they aren’t manifesting their desires, but really this has nothing to do with manifestation. Rather, all your gifts and energy are being channeled into goals or environments that are fundamentally incompatible with how you are uniquely energetically built.

My area of expertise is helping burnt-out high-achievers like yourself uncover their untapped potential and hidden blindspots, so that they can realign their energy and power into their TRUE goals in a non-BS way, in 60 days.

Make sense? 

[prospect response] 

Cool - so at this point, where do you wanna go from here? I can walk you through process of exactly how I make that happen A-Z if you would like? But you tell me where you wanna go. 

[prospect response] 


High Level Promise: 

Gotcha - so do you still have that pen & pad? 

Great, on your pen and paper - write out 1—>3 with a good bit of space in between them to take notes on each. 1, 2, 3.

[wait for them to acknowledge they’ve done this]

Ok - let me preface this by saying that everything I do is all customized on what’s best for the client. For you, specifically, it’s gonna be 3 things: Energy Diagnostic, Alignment Roadmap, and Quantum connections.  

These 3 steps will get you to: 

1) redirect your time, energy, and talents AWAY from incompatible goals or environments - and 
2) into aligning with your true goals, purpose, and environment in 8 weeks. Cool? 

The Bridge: 

Ok… so when you come in, the very first thing we’re going to do is build out what I call your…

Energy Diagnostic:

So the first thing we’re going to do is get clear on your personal truth. This includes your strengths, weaknesses, energetic “personality”, and other ways that you’re naturally wired that no one else can understand. This way you no longer try to FIT IN or follow others to make things happen. 

And we’re going to do it in a way in which it’ll feel clear, step-by-step, and personalized. 

This will not only give you the clarity about why you’ve been burntout/hitting a wall, but also save you the time from having to explain yourself to a therapist OR waste time trying to master another manifesting technique. Instead, you can get straight to course-correcting or pivoting in real life. 

Does that make sense? 

Awesome - any other questions or are you ready to move on to #2? 

Cool, the next thing we’ll focus on is 

Alignment Roadmap

So you know how earlier on the call you mentioned that you’re dealing with a lack of clarity, feeling out of alignment, or not being sure how to break through long-term patterns…even after meditating/therapy?

That’s because your brain/body has to believe you. People don’t make life-changing decisions based on techniques or formulas.They make breakthroughs from digesting symbols, pictures, and stories that invoke sincere feelings. This is because humans make decisions from their “feeling brain” aka limbic brain.  

This is why we use the “Monomyth” method to align people’s unique trajectories (energy diagnostic) to timeless, universal story structures that speak to everyone globally. It’s also known as the original neuroplasticity technique. 

Given how far you’ve come in life, and how much more you have left to achieve, create, or express in this life time - you’re more than capable of accelerating to living an aligned with life, if your brain and body can digest your personal truth, and then be presented with a path forward. 

Make sense? 

So we take your energy diagnostic and put you through this monomythic alignment roadmap, which is broken down into this monomyth structure:

The Dream: we look at your neptune/pisces, and 12th house placements–there’s a reason you gravitate towards somethings in life that are not actually good for you and creates holes in that dream. 

The nightmare: when you REALIZE your dream has holes (when you end up in lack/victim mentality and survival mode), which can trigger your unhealthy coping mechanisms

The obstacle: the business portion where we take a look at how we can SHIFT your obstacle into your opportunity, by taking a look at your money codes/abundance codes–also looking at your business’s chart to also identify it’s money codes-see how the 2nd, 6th, and 10th houses overlay with your own chart to create true synergy and release blocks
We can do this for your LLC chart too

New Dream: how to open yourself up to new possibilities that you ARE ready for now that you have this new level of awareness–the coach teaches you how download this new information from divine.


Questions? Thoughts? Or you ready to move on? 

Cool, so the next step is 

Quantum Connections

So the first two alone can get you to at least 70% of clarity that will lead to your next breakthrough in life. But even if you’re gaining 70% clarity, there’s that 30% of you that might still doubt, plateau, fall back to old patterns, right? 

This 30% is what trips up people the most: overly focusing on “individual” empowerment or “authenticity,” and then getting stuck. This is because the solo journey works…until it doesn’t: we all need accountability, feedback, and new perspectives to keep pushing us forward. 

Does that make sense? 

For example, we all have 64 gates, and 32 channels - but most people have only 3-5 active channels, at MOST. That means there are at least 29 dormant channels that you aren’t even tapping into, that rules money, health, love, ideas, etc.

Let’s take HeyJune as an example - she is Reflector, which means she actually has no active channels. 0. She shouldn’t even be running a business. But she was able to start her life over and build meaningful connections and a thriving business. This is all because she started to leverage her gates and channels in a strategic way to open her dormant potential, which is what she teaches in this program.

You’re leaving a big opportunity on the table to heal/grow faster, if you don’t tap into other people as resources - especially those that are on the same journey as you. 

You may not be able to access pivotal perspectives/thoughts/feelings fast enough, that strategic partnerships can unlock for you. 

Know what I mean? 

Anything else on that or you wanna move on? 

Ok - so next is 



Delivery 

In terms of how this is all fulfilled, the in-depth training platform will be something you will have lifetime access to so that you can always refer to it. 

As soon as you join you’ll have an onboarding call that will take you through all the details, but in the interest of time, you get:

Calls: During 60 days, 6 total live calls:
1 live onboarding calls
1 live energy update with HeyJune
5 total live activations (1/week)
1 live Q&A+Coaching with HeyJune
Training Platform: 6 week in-depth, customized roadmap consisting of homeworks/exercises 
3 Additional in-platform trainings (courses), which are HeyJune’s timeless “flagship” courses.
21 Days of Major Arcana (21 DOMA): 22 day self-paced journey through the Major Arcana cards in Tarot, backed by modern neuroscience and quantum physics to rewire your brain.
Find Your North Star: Turn exhaustion and directionlessness into clarity by decoding your soul’s purpose through Astrology & Human Design.
Portal Activation: Transform your home into a manifesting portal by integrating Feng Shui with planetary (Astrocartography) energies.
30+ hours worth of past activations, by category 
Community: Member-only discord
Quantum Buddy



Make sense?

Questions… thoughts 



Committing Phase
Temperature Check

Just curious but in terms of the process specifically… how do you feel? 

(Certain answer + certain tonality = move on)

(Uncertain answer and/or uncertainty tonality = alignment bit)

I hear ya and just to be totally clear… what’s really important to me is ALIGNMENT - when you come in and work with us, we’re rolling up the sleeves and getting in the trenches with you on this thing. I mean our team is ALL IN - so it’s really important to us that you feel GOOD about the process, know what I mean?

So just to be 100% clear.. On like a scale of 1-10, 1 being ___ and 10 being ___, where do you feel like you fall exactly? 

(if 9-10 + certain language/tonality = move on)

(if 8 or below = ask the following: “Gotcha man, and I appreciate you being honest about that… just curious, what exactly do you think is keeping you from say being a 8, 9, or 10?

(Then handle objection /// ask clarifying questions // re-temp “are you sure”) 

What’s keeping you from feeling 10?
 
Transition Language

Any questions? 

(if necessary) Gotcha so you feel good, no questions… 

Onboarding

So you’ll process the investment with me… once we take care of that

Then from there we’re ready to rock and roll. 

Does that sound good? 

Investment 

...and then investment to get you to (high-level outcome) is just $3,800. 

[SHUT UP] 

Objections & Enrolling. 

….

“I want to personally onboard you”
“I don’t want you to miss out the call on XYZ date”

