 Okay, you have my full attention. How is everyone doing? Do you have your charts pulled up? It is go to please go to that link. I'm going to show everybody really quickly, or pardon me, it's actually no S. I'm going to show everyone really quickly how to pull up their chart because it seems like there's always some kind of confusion on like how to do that. So I will try to clear that hub. I first want like a quick litmus test on everyone's like knowledge levels. Okay, I want like a very, very quick litmus test on a scale of one to five. What would you rate yourself like five being like, I know my chart really well. I know what's wrong. You really well. That's five and one being like, I have no idea. Like, I don't know what I'm doing. I just know my birthday. What would you rate yourself? So if you know your rising sign, I would actually give that like a three for the purpose of this call like two or three. Okay, Alexis gave three, Gretchen gave three, Tessa gave two, Payting a four and a two. Okay, great. So here's what I want you guys to do because this is the only way that this will make sense to you. I'm going to share my screen. Okay. And please have a paper pen of water coffee wine ready and give yourself like a full like 60 to 90 minutes. I want you guys to like stay till the end to get the most amount of value from this call because this just may be the call that you need to be successful. Okay. All right. So I just share this website with you. So for example, the proper way to do this would be say, let's just say my name is Drake and I was born in Los Angeles. That's not it. Los Angeles, California, United States. And I'm just making this up. But let's just say my birthday is November 15th and I was born in 1989. Really important to know your bedtime as well. Maybe I was born at 3 a.m. And then you create chart, right? This is kind of all you need to like input. But then once you get to this point, this is the key where a lot of people miss. You have to change this to whole sign. Okay. So you go to settings, click on house. You switch from placidus to the oldest sign, the whole house and then say apply and boom. So placidus is better at interpreting, I think, like the emotional events, but whole sign is better for, like, I think literal events. So in case anyone has confusion on placidus versus whole sign, I prefer a whole sign because it's cleaner. But you can't really go wrong with placidus either if you can actually follow it properly. If you can track it properly because it does divide up the houses if you're using placidus. Okay. Did everyone catch that? Can we like now dive in? And for everyone who's watching me from other platforms, whether it is Facebook or TikTok or YouTube, thanks for being here, but you don't get to see the slides unless you're in this training. So for the ones who are in the training, congratulations, you made it. And for the rest of all, you just have to like, audibly listen. You don't have to pay for your chart. This should be free. This should be free. All you need is this visual right here. So I would take it a step further if you're on this website. Your ascendant slash your rising sign is your first house. Literally your rising. When you rise the face you put on the first house, first house will always be here on the left side of the chart. And in case you're like really freaking confused, there's two ways to confirm. You can like zoom in and you'll see if you, if you, uh, does it not let me zoom in? Okay. Probably cause of the screen sharing. If you zoom in, I'll say one and then two and then three and then four. And we all have 12 houses. Okay. Each of these houses rule 12 different areas of our life. All right. If you're still confused, then you scroll down on this website. And then it will tell you, hopefully, it'll tell you. Yeah, I mean, you have to scroll all the way down, but I will tell you like what house is what sign, right? So then this person is a liberalizing second house, Scorpio third house, vegetarian fourth house capricorn. We all have 12 houses. I don't care about the planets in it. It actually does kind of matter, but for the purpose of this call, it doesn't really matter. Uh, it's, I don't care whether or not you have a planet in your house. What matters is what house is that sign for you? So for example, quiz, quick question. What house is cancer based on this, based on what you're seeing right here, me, drake. This is my chart. What house do I have cancer in? Go. Y'all, I know you can do this. Hurry up. Like popcorn style, just type what house is cancer? For this call, by the way, the more engagement, the better for you and for everyone really. There you go. Chris wins, Chris wins. Ding ding ding. Chris says, Chris, congratulations. Very nice. One more and then let's jump into the slides. What house is capricorn? What house is capricorn? What house is capricorn? Did you guys just like glitch slash like stop carrying like why is there a sudden lag? Oh, oh, Alexa's got it right. Alexa's got it right. Tessa, six. Where'd you get six from? For folks that said six or whatever, like where'd you get that from? It says literally right here, four house and capricorn. Okay. So if you go back up, right, you can count literally. Libra first house, right? Capricorn, four house. One, two, three, four. Capricorn is a fourth house. So this call is all about timing of your life without our transits, right? Timing of your life without our transits. We're going to look at where Pluto is going through, which is your curious house. So this person. Final question, which house is a query house? Pluto is transiting this person's which house? What's the Aquarius house type type type? Type. The cheat sheet is gone. I have a look at the chart, not the circle thing. What house is Aquarius? Shout a number or type a number. Oh, somebody on TikTok got it right. They can't even see this chart right now. Harini, Bingo. Is he great job? Fifth house. Okay. So for this person right now, Pluto is transiting their fifth house. Neptune is transiting their their seventh house of areas. And Uranus is transiting their ninth house of Gemini. Okay. We're going to go deep into these three planets. So your Aquarius house, Gemini house and areas house. And why you should care. Okay. I know there's a lot of astrologers that talk about a lot of different micro transits, right? Like the juperer, the Saturn, the North, and they're all important by the way. They're all matter. But let me tell you you're in this call because you're here to break a five year plus pattern. I'm really, really extremely passionate about this subject. I have yet to see an intuitive or an astrologer or whoever is passionate about the stuff as me. I think there is something wrong when you've been in a persistent pattern for more than five years. And I don't know why not enough people talk about this stuff because these three planets point to your long term patterns long term. So tap in the comments right now. What is a long term pattern. That you've been dealing with. What's a long term pattern that you've been dealing with? I mean, some of you guys like came from my TikTok slash my video is on Taylor Swift's engagement, right? So maybe you're really curious about your love life. Maybe you're really curious about your professional success. Like what is something that you feel like you've been in a rut about for the last. At least five years. This is a super safe space. More participation. The better. Not knowing what I want to do or what direction I should go. Okay. Direction work. I'm on you guys. Spid it up, spit it up, spit it up. Relationships and career growth. Okay. Love and friendships. Oh, love and relationships, love life and purpose. Okay. So when I work with people, right? And I work with some really impressive people from all around the world. I have multiple people right now. I don't know why this keeps happening to me, but I have multiple clients I'm working with or in the process of like selling a company to like one of the former president or the current. Like it's wild of the United States. Okay. So the people that I work with on a one on one level and like on a private basis like heavy hitters heavy hitters. You know one thing they all have in common. They're super clear about what it is they want. They're super clear zero negotiation. They're like, this is what I want. I might not get it. But I'm going to at least own it and claim it and aim at it. And that's the kind of energy you need to bring into this call. And just like shoot like you know like be on the bush and the wall. This sounds like maybe I want it. No freaking own it. You only have one shot at life. Okay. So don't dance around it. Totally go for it and own it. Because life is already tricky and complicated as is you don't have to make it more complicated by not owning your desires. Did everyone catch that? Did everyone catch that? And it's not just Taylor. We're going to walk through a couple of examples for celebrities and you can take this information and look at the people around you too and just kind of like match it to what you're observing in their lives. But you're going to find some of this stuff so interesting because you'll see very clearly how these outer planets kind of get in the way or create roadblocks in your desires to a point where you might get discouraged. So let's dive in. So like I said, this was like the worst time I life, right? Like I think you guys heard me say this before, but when I say this like 2015. This was like 10 years ago at this point, the worst time I life. I had just graduated from college. I went to a really good business school, believe it or not. And I worked at Wall Street, right? Not even like just a bulge bracket bank like JP Morgan. I worked at one of the top hedge ones in the world. If not the top hedge one in the world. The product is so good that I personally invested in myself and it's you know, it's yielded really, really well for me. But it was the worst time of my life. Okay, and I was really confused because I'm like I did everything that my parents told me to do. I did everything that my teachers told me to do. I graduated with honors. I went to one of the best banks hedge funds. Like why am I so miserable? I was also engaged mind you and I left that engagement and I was like very, very lost, very confused. And I wasn't sure what was wrong with me therapy didn't work. You guys time out therapy is not going to work if you are about to go on one and any of these any of these transits, which is all of us. We're all on some kind of we even myself included right like we're all on some kind of transit. But depending on what house it's hitting. You're going to be impacted differently and working with a therapist that is not pluto informed that is not you're in a system form that is not Neptune informed. Are not going to be that helpful. They're just going to give you generic therapeutic platitudes that mean nothing. They have no idea this this deep foundation that is shaking up in your subconscious. Right. There is a time and place for those things, but you're on this call because you're trying to break up pattern right. There's a really good chance you're in the thick of a transit that's not done for you or you're about to start a new one, but you've been feeling this like two to three or four. Oftentimes with these long term outer transits, you feel it a few years before. So for me, for example, my Neptune start in 2011 and my capricorn transit started in like 2008, but I felt it like years leading up to it. So how many of you guys feel like this pattern that you've been in started two to three years ago. The relationship pattern, the financial pattern, the purpose pattern feeling lost like when did that start because that wasn't yesterday right that that's been in the works for a couple of years. And that's how these transits work. And by the way, folks were watching me from webinar jam and this training like the more you participate, the more I will call out and then give you extra information where there's intuitive information or turn information. So participation is key here. More like 20 years ago. So yeah, so that's probably that's probably Pluto Jessica is probably Pluto. So we have some I'm already identifying like what planet could be impacting you. And by the way, can we just take a moment to like acknowledge that's a really long time. Okay. So if you're in your 30s, that's your midlife. Your midlife is not 50 something that's a false claim. But everyone lives to 100 most people these days live to like 70 to 75 because of lifestyle and diet. So if you're in your 30s, you're middle aged. That's your midlife. So you're going to sit there and tell me that 20 years isn't too long. Are you crazy? This is an opportunity for you to take control of your life because if you know this information, you can get ahead of it. And you can make a work for you is everyone with me is everybody with me and I'm not saying this to make you feel crappy about yourself. I'm sharing this with you so you can see the truth because truth will set you free and it will make you informed. All right. I just wish I knew so the stuff way beforehand because I would have been engaged faster. I would I would have married faster. I would have had kids faster. That's not it doesn't mean as a woman. That's what you should strive for, but I think everyone deserves a shot and I think everyone deserves a chance. And I love to tell people the universe and the reality is rigged because if you study astrology, you can you know you know not everyone's the same. You know people are not equal. Every chart is different. If I really want to screw somebody over, I would tell them exactly once have their kid and give them the worst chart ever and that parent was uninformed would have no idea. This kind of information is dangerous. Okay. This is I have like I literally have billionaire families, paying me thousands of dollars just to ask me when should they have their kid because they all know this information is like legitimate. Okay. So is this perfect science? No, because there's free will, but does this heavily influence your free will absolutely. So I want everyone to take this information very, very seriously. So back in 2015, right, I had my big spiritual awakening. I was really confused and I really start to study this stuff more more seriously and more intently and also like, you know, I don't know if you guys saw me from four was or CNN or I'm like I'm on some news articles. I was not coming from there, but I was also a closet and tulip. So I was really strong with that identity of like, well, why am I in Wall Street when I'm like super psychic was a whole thing. So I'm here to tell the tale of Neptune Pluto in Uranus and I want you to learn from my story, right and I want you to learn about your own chart because because smart people learn from their past mistake wise people learn from the mistakes of others. You can learn from other people's transit stories. You can learn from my story. You can learn from each other's stories. Okay, you don't have to live through a 20 year transit and go, oh, yeah, I learned this, this, this, don't do that. Like save some time. So it's very interesting to me that oftentimes a thing that matters to us the most like love and relationships and like emotions and all that stuff like we like deep prioritize and like not invest in we outsource it to like therapy and I'm like, you're therapist is probably deal with bullshit too. And she or he is probably not informed about any of this this either and like you know missing on some stuff. So, um, oh, thank you Simone for the follow. Yeah, if you're not, I'm going to ask you to do something about this. Thank you Simone for the follow. Yeah, if you're not yet follow me on Instagram and TikTok, please do so because I post a lot of like viral content that I know you guys miss on. So let's look at your chart. I think everybody pulled up their chart. Everybody found their rising sign, right. Everybody changed it to whole sign system, right. Now find your Aquarius house, Aries house and Gemini house. This is the exercise that we did before with like Drake, right. And take talk if you're not yet following me, please make sure you follow me. Because I don't want you to miss out on anything that I post and any of this stuff. And I want you guys to type a comments what house number is your Aquarius house, Aries house and Gemini house. I repeat Aquarius house, Aries house, Gemini house. Which house is that for you type, type, type. I want to see it type type. I want you all to calculate what number is your Aquarius house, what number is your Aries house, what number is your Gemini house. Let's go. Let's go, let's go, let's go. I want you to type in the comments. What is a five year pattern that you've been struggling with people in webinar jam are a little bit shy right now. I mean some people are have like shared more, but this is a safe space. I want you guys to know that. Okay, I think everyone got it. So the reason why this year is a game changer year. I don't think people can fathom what this year really represents. Okay, this is the year where all the rules are changing. I really don't know how to figure out what you're asking Adriana like we did an exercise earlier, right. So like in this chart, Aquarius is first house. So, um, Aries is third house Gemini is fifth house. Right Adriana. So you got to look at that in your own chart in your in your own chart based on your rising sign, find your Aquarius Aries and Gemini house. So Adriana like if you can just at least know your rising sign, that'll be really, really great. Christopher says, of course, in the eight house. Oh, so you have Pluto going through eight house that might not be a bad thing. See like Pluto or Neptune, go eight houses like the wheel of fortune house. Okay, eight houses like can be really great or really bad. Anything involving an eight can be really great or really bad. It's like the Russian roulette house. So, um, it's really great that you're in this training so you can prepare for it. But there's no such thing as moon rising. You got to look at the actual sign. Okay, you got to look at the actual sign. Go to astro dash chart.com and look at your rising sign, please. Okay, so like I was saying, 2025 is a game changer year. So who felt crazy this year, like who felt like, oh my gosh, nothing is going to plan what is going on. Like I came into this year, I stepped in with like big energy. I want to all these things. I had all these like dreams and hopes and wishes. And you're like, wait a minute, things are not going the way I planned. Who felt like that about this year. Liz says, I'm feeling crazy right now. Everything is crazy. Oh my god, I definitely do. Yeah. So, I don't mean to poo poo, social media astrologers, but I am going to poo poo myself included because I kind of do this too. The lunar cycle doesn't matter. I don't care what phase the moon is in. I really don't who gives a shit. It's going to change anyway in like 15 days or less. Okay. If you have big goals in life like I do, you should care about the big transes because they dictate those big goals. The every lunar transit, every Jupiter cycle, every Saturn cycle, like, like sure, yes, like they hit some milestone in your life and each of those micro decisions do matter. But ultimately, the, the really the life changing monumental high risk high stakes decisions and choices are ruled by these outer planet transes like a marriage, like a divorce, like an inheritance, like becoming famous and viral. Right. Like becoming a household name, becoming homeless, becoming seriously ill, all these things, all these things. So, so let's look at the three major outer planet transes that I want you to focus on during our time together. The first is Pluto and Aquarius last 20 years. I've been talking about the shit for 24 months, maybe even 36 months. People who have paid attention to this are doing really, really well right now with me. I'm not even joking. So, I'm going to enter the Aquarius from Capricorn, like literally January this year in 2025. Aquarius also rules the nervous system inner body. Capricorn rules the bone structure. So, when Pluto was going through Capricorn, there was a lot, there was, you know, the hierarchy was a big thing. You have to work really, really hard to live in with, you have to literally work to your bones to move up the corporate ladder, right. But now Pluto is in a crisis which rules a nervous system. So, all of our nervous systems are like being awakened. All of our nervous systems are like, this is like not sustainable. And I have to heal my nervous system, like receive more to expand more to be okay with abundance, you know, and no longer like working to the bones. So, that happened early this year and that completely reoriented and shifted how people approach work and what they want out of life. And then Neptune entered aries in March from Pisces, Neptune is kind of a dangerous planet. So, let's talk about that too. And then finally Uranus entered Gemini in July this year and it's going to be there for the next eight years, for the next eight years. So, it's not that these are necessarily like, Malefic or bad planets, although they are, it's, it's more that they're like plumbers, right. They're like clogged pipes in your body, mentally, emotionally, spiritually, right. There's like childhood shit, you've grown up with, there's like beliefs, there's values, there's karma that you're born up born with. And maybe you've just learned to like sit in that discomfort. These planets are like the plumbers that say, oh, hey, this, this pipe is broken, just like burst it. So, so in a good way, you're fixing your pipes in a bad way, it's extremely painful disorienting because you have to fix your goddamn pipes. Okay, I'm trying to make this analogy as simple as possible is everyone with me so far. And we're going to go into of course, the celebrity examples like Taylor Swift and help supply for, but I want to give you guys a foundations first. Okay, do you guys feel like that a little bit? Do you guys feel like that pipe bursting? And let me tell you like what that pipe bursting feels like. Pipe bursting feels a little bit like. In your, in your life, right, do you have something where you're like, this is okay. Like it, like it's fine. It could be, it could be worse. It can be better too, but it can be worse. Like it's fine. In any area of life where you feel that way, that's a clogged pipe. You should not be feeling that way. You should be excited. We are electrical beings. We generate an exchange energy and electricity as human beings. If you're feeling me and you've been feeling me for years and years and years, that's a clogged pipe. And these planets come and just ram those pipes and unclog them. And that can manifest as you're getting fired by can manifest as you're getting a divorce that can manifest as you're getting really sick. Okay, my messages get ahead of it. Don't wait till your, your pipes are clogged because when your pipes are not clogged, these planets might actually like power you up even more. Okay, so I want you guys to reflect on your houses just for a moment before I reveal all the answers, right? Pluto. So your Pluto house, your Aquarius house. Do you feel like you're in a power struggle and or you're like weirdly attracted to it? Because that's a Pluto Dusty. You Pluto will like make you like compete or contend with people places things and you're like weirdly drawn to it too. Okay, this is why I talked a lot about Leo's because they have Aquarius descendant. They're going to enter a lot of power show relationships. Your Neptune house, your Neptune house or your Aries house, do you feel like it's too good to be true? Do you feel like it's too good to be true? Do you like weirdly feel seen by the thing or the person or the idea or the situation? Your unit is house, your Gemini house. Do you feel out of control and the status quo is changing? Let me repeat, do you feel out of control in that area and the status quo is changing? Maybe the out of control is not so bad, right? Maybe you're finally trying new things, experiencing new things, being open to new ideas and stuff and it's just like a lot at once. And therefore challenging and changing the status quo because you're open to change. The thing with Uranus too is that it's not the most stable planet. So for me, I had a Uranus transit in my 9th house. It kind of played out nicely for me because I was stuck in a location for 10 years like New York City, which I hated, which I'll tell you guys more about because I was like really bad ask photography. But when Uranus hit my 9th house, I finally left New York. Why? Because 9th house rules, long distance travel. One downside of that. I didn't settle down until the Uranus was done. I didn't settle. Now I'm in Los Angeles and we're having a major retreat in the fall. And also spring next year and we're always like having like retreat and stuff. But yeah. I didn't really fully settle down until Uranus fully left my 9th house. So it's like the good news is I left New York. I broke that pattern right Uranus helped me break a pattern. But the bad news is I really couldn't settle down and I was basically nomadic for years and years, which wasn't cool either. Okay, so everyone. So everyone got like the key themes of these planets, right? Great. Great. Great. Great. Great. Everybody on TikTok is saying yes, everything's crazy. Um, TikTok, please take a moment to follow me right now because I don't want you guys like miss out on my content because I feel like a lot of these new years come through livestream. And if you can also take a moment to follow me on Instagram, that'd be fantastic. So most of you guys are here because you're interested in some kind of one on one committed relationship or partnership. Now let me tell you this is not always marriage and there's not always romance. This is not always love. 7th house is anything you sign. Okay. 7th house is anything you shake hands on 7th house is anything long term. Okay. So this could be work relationship. This could be a new job. This could be your boss. This could be your business partner. This could be anything. That's like kind of a serious level partnership. Everything in life is a relationship you guys. Everything in life. If you are not where you want to be in life, look at your relationships with with your boss with your coworkers with your clients with your lover with yourself. It starts there. That's why I think the 7th house is so important. All right. Think about the last time somebody gave you an opportunity. Think about the last time anything happened for you. Was there a person involved? Probably yes. A relationship could be the key to your next opportunity. Right. Right. So let's look at 7th house and committed one on one relationships. And I want to give you guys some case study. Boom. Scorpio ascendants cancer ascendants Virgo ascendants. I have celebrity faces on the screen right now for Scorpio ascendant. We have Katie Perry, Taylor Swift and Lana Del Rey. Okay. Yourness was in their 7th house from 2018 to like about 2025. As we know Taylor Swift just got engaged as soon as Uranus literally left her 7th house. Katie Perry was kind of on again off again with Orlando Bloom during this entire Uranus transit literally between I think she met him in 2017. I think they finally broke up this year, but they were on again off again very Uranus story in the 7th house. And they're also I mean they were just engaged or I married. For Taylor Swift, the thing with her is she actually made this happen when Uranus was pretty much out of her 7th house. Whereas I think with Katie she pretty much entered this partnership with Orlando Bloom when Uranus entered her 7th house. So it's very interesting that those two people those two Scorpio rising and played it like that. So oftentimes in my videos, right. I get a Scorpio rising asking like, hey, how come I didn't get engaged. Well, but well, I don't know where did you play the Katie Perry kind of storyline. Were you on again off again with someone the past few years while Uranus was in your 7th house. And then when Uranus left the 7th house, you realized you have to leave the relationship to because you got the Uranian story from that you learned the Uranian lessons. Lana Del Rey, she got married last year at 2024. I told you guys you feel the effects of this a few years before and after the transit starts. And you ever two few years and after same thing you get the results a few years before after the transit ends. So Taylor Swift and Lana Del Rey basically locked in when this transit was coming to an end Katie Perry began that relationship when the transit was starting. But all these Scorpio rising I find super fascinating that it played out the way did for them. Now let's look at cancer rising. Angelina Jolie you guys heard me talk about this benefit. They have Pluto in the 7th house from 2008 to 2225. You guys both know I mean all of you guys know how to end up for these guys right like very expensive, very public, very contentious hostile public divorce. You're this is just chaos you're just like oh it's just up and down up. It's like a roller coaster Pluto is just straight up destruction. Okay, I've seen a couple of Leo rising get married. Right when Pluto entered their their their 7th house kind of like pulled the Katie Perry card. I'm like, ooh why why why you do that. That was a bad move. But I get it. I get it though. Pluto is like 20 years. Right. I'm just gonna be like hey call me you might need me. But is everyone following so far. Is this interesting is this fascinating. Hopefully it's fascinating. I'm giving you so much tea that other shoulders don't go into they focus on the stupid shit like the new one cycle who cares seriously because of fuck. This is the shit that actually matters. Wouldn't you like to know if you might get up in like a public hostile divorce 10 years from now. Okay. Um. Finally Neptune in the 7th house that was me. Virgo rising Virgo ascendance. That was from 2012 to 2025. Interestingly enough. Emma Watson and Bella had deed are still single. I mean sorry that's not that's not true. They're actually in a relationship. I also add Timothy Shallame here. They're all in a relationship, but they're not married yet. Now. In my situation. I know this information right I worked a lot on myself. I'm very conscious of the transit. I'm very conscious of my choices. I did so much inner work to like figure out. To figure out to see how the planets like distort my fields and how I should respond to it and rise to it right like that's what I call the heroes journey. But if you've been so beaten up by these plans for so long it's difficult to see an end and I have a feeling with Bella had deed and Emma Watson first of all I do think they're going to get engaged slash married very soon. But I think with these ladies and anybody who's a Virgo rising it's very difficult to not see the bullshit that you've been in and consciously break out of that pattern. So Tessa we called out the houses right the Aquarius house the the Aries house the Gemini house. I'm telling you the planets that move through so if you have that's actually a great question if you have if you're scorpio rising. You have Uranus move your seven house if you're cancer rising you're a little move through a seven house. If you are a Virgo rising you have Neptune with your seven house. I'm going to I'm going to show you all the writing signs all the plants that are transiting through houses so hang tight. And you might not have you might not have Uranus Plutor Neptune transit through your seven house. These are just the three specific writings. This is also past tense. I'm showing you the last 15 to 20 years. So now let's look forward. Okay. You guys ready. You guys want to see who's up next. The next 10 to 20 years for everyone that you're seeing on the screen they're done they're done with this transit. But as you can see it was it was kind of bloody. Please comment I'm ready if you want to see the next slide. About who's up next. I'll just ask for it. I'll take it. Okay. Now Sagittarius rising or about to go through the Uranus and the seventh house transit like Taylor Swift and Katie Perry and Lana Del Rey Leo rising or about to go through while they're still there actually just went through or sorry they just start going through Pluto and their seventh house. And here's another funny thing y'all here's another funny thing sometimes. I mean look at these celebrities on the screen. Adam Levina Justin Timberlake these really problematic men that we know have been cheating on their spouses for the last several years because you see articles and shit. This is what I mean by a couple of years before you'll see it in the news you hear about it you feel it. But then when the Pluto or whatever transit kicks in like boom that's when the cons puts it actually happened so if I told you Justin Timberlake Adam Levina both Leo rising is about to go through seven thousand and it's actually just started something might happen with their with their marriage that's very messy. What didn't you tell me right now that makes sense. Wouldn't you be like you know what this make this intuitively makes sense to me it makes sense to me that these guys are Leo ascendance that are about to go through Pluto transit tell me that this makes sense to you. You will know this this is very interesting like the more you learn this information you'll be able to intuit what trans people are going through just like real estate numerology you'll be able to intuit what number they live in in their house. Okay. And the Libra ascendance are about to go through what the Virgo ascendance went through right so Harry Styles Jennifer Aniston. I just want you to know it doesn't mean with any of these trans and any of these transit it doesn't mean that you're going to be single or stay single or stay you know broke it doesn't mean you can be married throughout all these trans you could be whatever right it's just a matter of how conscious are you to work with it healthily. That's why I'm here because I'm sure there are Virgo rising that I'm sure they're a Libra rising that will just do fine. I'm only a rising so it's a bad news for me well not really because you're here because you're getting ahead of it because you're learning. Then we'll talk more about the stuff okay so that was the seventh house we're going to dive in like I said through every single rising sign and what it means but. Is everyone with me so far I feel like things are starting to click a little bit right things are starting to be like oh shit wait a minute I understand what happened to those celebrities and I understand what these planets mean now. I'm going to go over to our jam I would like more response. Okay for some of you guys that are wondering like what about money how does affect my money we're going to go through that too we're going to go through that too so fifth house now let's look at your fifth house of creativity children and romance like I said this this training is love themed and love focused. I mean it doesn't apply to love to money either but we're going to talk about the money stuff more towards the end so seventh house is the one on one committed partnership fifth house is romance it's short term romance it's you know stuff that we read in romance books romance novels okay. Man oh man oh man do I have some shit to say about this house but we're going to get into it. All right so in the last 10 to 20 years this is how this is the rising signs that were hit in the romantic house capricorn rising I know that there's a lot of capital rising at least watching me on TikTok cap rising. Your nose is going through your fifth house ever since 2018 burglarizing's Pluto is going through your fifth house since 2008 scorpion rising's Neptune was going through your fifth house since 2012 okay you're going to see some overlap of the rising signs which was just goes to show you some rising signs went through extra shitter such as you know that's done congratulations capricorns burglarizing scorpion rising's your fifth house nightmare is done now the focus on a curious rising's Libra rising's and Sagittarius rising's okay any Aquarius Libra or Sagittarius rising in the room I think scorpions are pretty much pretty much off the hook. I mean they're on the hook for money actually sorry but they're off the hook for like relationship stuff. Oh my gosh Libra rising's Libra rising's I feel you so much because I just went through what you're about to go through it can be an incredibly beautiful time in fact so my biggest achievements happened during my Pluto transit in the fifth house but I got to tell you and this is again this is why you're here if I can go back in time there's certain things I would have done to protect myself with a Neptune transit okay so um so yeah so Aquarius rising's don't be surprised if you have a lot of you know shakeups in your short term relationships you might even get accidentally pregnant you know believe miracles you never know Libra rising's you have Pluto going to fifth house Pluto makes you powerful right but it also like makes you very attracted to like very powerful but toxic things so we very careful what you're attracted to and you're going to be very creative Neptune in your fifth house Sagittarius rising's you might I actually know a couple of Sagittarius rising's who already been asking this way since like two years ago like you develop a crush on like everybody other dog. Just be careful just be careful so these are the rising signs of Aquarius Libra Sagittarius I really have to watch out for their like dating patterns like who they get involved with from dating apps like just be careful um Capricorn rising's I just every time I meet like a YouTuber an influencer like a celebrity who like loves it like and they're hot like Capricorn writings are attractive right every time they like shit talk man or a woman I'm like But you're a cap ascendant like Uranus was literally in your fifth house of Taurus last eight years of course things things were chaotic for you but they love to just like blame it on like how shitty men or how shitty women are like no it was your transit like wake the fuck up but I can't always share this with them. Okay so is everyone does everyone get this slide all of this all the slides we're going to post on the screen. Um for members potentially on school so if you're not part of our member community I highly recommend you to join because we're going to post these lines and then we're going to post a couple of other resources on our member only platform. So just to recap Pluto your Pluto house I literally just showed you do you feel like you're in a power struggle do you feel like your attract to it. Wait is he what will be the rising sign your main what do you mean there's only one rising sign your the only rising sign that matters is you is yours. Okay your Neptune house do you feel like it's to be true do you feel seen okay you're in this do you feel out of control and the status quo is changing. Okay for for people on tiktok if you want to join my school community for for it's a special gift of mine first month is only $10 please go to my link in bio right now grab that membership try it out we're going to we're going to drop all these resources into our platform. So everyone cash that slide type in the comments if this resonates with you type in the comments if this Pluto transit Neptune transit Uranus transit these three things that started this year for you type in the comments say I if you're like I feel this I know exactly what you're talking about. Lindsay I see your comment the answer is yes but the reason why we're sharing the membership link is because we're actually dropping more resources towards the end this call on a membership portal that that people on this call may not get. Okay people are saying they're feeling this all right all right and I just want you guys to know to put into perspective I have this I had this freaking transit since 2008 okay and then I had this freaking transit since since since sorry since 2012. Work with people that have like that have been through it to tell the tale don't work with people that don't know what they're talking about and or just talking in like esoteric or like on an intellectual level a lot of this stuff has to be embodied in my opinion learn from me be wise don't be smart these are really painful transits okay. So let's go on to the juicy stuff or everybody can check their rising sign. How Pluto will hit your queries house over the next 20 years based on your rising sign okay so if your areas rising of course is your 11th house if you're tourist rising of course is your 10th house so on and so forth okay so I know I know I made you guys look at your chart or you're trying to get it. Look at your chart early in the call but just in case you're wrong double check this look at look at your rising sign. Peep your queries house and also read through this how will you be hit if you're an Aquarius you'll be hit romantically if you're Leo you'll also be hit romantically like the entire access gets hit right the entire sister signs get hit. So another example your friendships might get impacted too right Gemini Sagittarius your 3rd house 9th house are literally impacted your friend groups might completely change after this Pluto transit that happened to me. So I want everyone to screenshot this and I want everyone to type in the comments webinar jam type in the comments what category of life is Pluto going to hit you based on what you're seeing here Pisces Virgo axes for the next 20 years you might have to go deep into yourself right. Because Pluto. Because if you are a Pisces rising Pluto is going through your 12th house and if you're Virgo rising it's going through your 6th house and they're both about the houses of you in on your own way. Okay so keep typing the comments which areas of life will Pluto hate you are ready says romantic relationships and friendships at Alexis financial and self passes romantic and financial relationships and self romantic financial self inner yep. Now remember what does Pluto do Pluto destroys that became become stronger. So the work the heroes journey that you have to start going on is to figure out how to be empowered during this transit how to take back control how to take back power. How to not cave in to what you think is sexy and cool. But to gain mastery over the seemingly insurmountable subject. Now Neptune how will Neptune hit your Aries house over the next 12 years based on your rising sign exactly that's our size so if your Aries rising Neptune is going to your first house if it's if your tourist rising Neptune is with your 12th house if your Gemini rising is going to your 11th house all these things right. To open the comments based on this how Neptune hit you in the next 12 years you guys I know is a lot of information but trust me this will save you so much heartbreak and shock honestly because you're getting ahead of it. So lever rising Aries is actually your 7th house right so Neptune is going through. Neptune is going through. Neptune is going through your 7th house of relationship. Obviously that's not cool right. But again type in the comments how will the snap tune and Aries transit hit you. Literally have the cheat sheet up. Oh and I see some people joining the membership so this is my live tradition every single time someone joins my platform I gave a very special gift so if you would like to get a gift for me make sure you check out that membership length that Angela drop in the chat. Virgo 8th house feel seen friendships romantic yeah. Yeah actually who feel seen who's kind of like oh my gosh like this is tea. So Neptune once again is the tricks are planet right it will make you wear rose color glasses in these areas that you're seeing the slide you're not going to see clearly that's the problem that's a problem with Neptune like it like puts a haze right over you but like I said these planets are plumbers so even if it's putting a haze over you it's not going to be a lot of fun. Even if it's putting a haze over you it's actually through that haze you're actually you're seeing which pipes your clock because if they weren't clock the haze wouldn't be down the first place. Okay did everybody catch the slide let's go into the next. Now how will Uranus hit your Gemini house over the next eight years. How will your Uranus house be hit. So once again if your area is rising Gemini's your third house if you're tourist rising Gemini's your second house if your Gemini of course is your first house if you're cancel rising Gemini's your 12th house if you're realizing don't I say 11th house so. How will your Gemini house be impacted once again type in the categories. Type in the categories based on your rising sign Uranus is like the house of like disruption and status quo breaking and pattern breaking right so this is not always a bad thing but like I said if it's going through your seventh house like Sagittarius rising. Or fifth house like a queries rising and you're going to have a lot of trouble kind of locking down something stable i'm sorry to say this like I don't want to be a bear of bad news but I also feel like you got to be informed. You got to be informed. Type type type how will this be impacted for you. Type type type. Virgo rising for Virgo rising this is going through your 10th house okay. Something that something that I want to mention that's not on the slides anytime you see financial right financial relationship for Uranus financial relationship for Neptune financial relationship for Pluto all these relationship like that's really money. It may not be a bad transit I will say that is one saving grace of these plumbers right because Pluto will make you more powerful. I made a lot of money during my political transit I will give it that I made a lot of money during my political transit that is absolutely true so. Uranus can make you like a genius Neptune can make you like an artist right I have a lot of Pisces rising clients who became like millionaire string their Neptune transit in their first house. Uranus you might actually move to a location that gets you a better job so. The financial relationship may not be as bad but once again timing is everything right like I don't want you to miss out on it. I don't want you to miss out on it. So all these planets and all these like transits they're catch 22 they're all literally catch 22 what you might lose in one area but gain another and gain an area but lose in another which is why once again you're here. So what do you do so what do you do will you skip the deeper integration and run to another relationship coach therapist psychic or somatic healer. Is that what you guys are going to do or you guys are going to just like run to another coach or healer or therapist. Also first of all that everyone like follow a line I hope everyone like follow along but did everyone at least grasp these three planets and how it's going to hit their charts. Robert or jam tap in the comments say I. If. If you feel me. Okay. So the question is what are you going to do how will you prepare for this will you skip the deeper integration and run to the relationship coach therapist psychic or somatic healer. Hopefully the answer is a big fat no because that is a giant waste of time. These transits teach you lessons all these plumbers they teach you lessons and the point is to gain mastery over them right like going on your journey and integrate them. Rather than to be a passive observer in other words I want you to be wise don't be smart be wise like learn from these planets in advance why they're going for your chart. What they're what their purposes what your purposes and how it's supposed to make you better for someone who's asking me about readings. I only answer one question at a time you can submit a question in my bio and literally says ask me a question in my bio so please submit a question over there. Yes yes we'll be dropping the slides to everyone like after the call. There are some heroes journey questions you can start asking okay. Based on your rising sign in your courier's house. Ask yourself these things right so if you want to curious rising and of course in your first house. The shadow that put a little bit of reveal to you is people pleasing and shape shifting in order to be accepted. The skill you have to master is authentic self expression and personal freedom I apologize there's some stuff that's cut out which is why they'll be shared in this school platform so read your rising sign follow along and type it in here let me see you do it. For example if you're a cancer rising. Plutals going to reveal to you your cloth pipes around power struggles emotional secrecy and trust. And what you have to master is how emotionally sovereign. So tap in the comments you guys. A liberal rising liberal rising you have a quarrier's fifth house right so the shadow of the put that the shadow of the political will reveal is how you typically hide behind charm and creativity and desirability. But really what you have to master is fearlessly embracing your creative your creative self expression even if that means like pissing you off. Is he says nine thousand at least as a query 10 thousand and we said seven thousand. Lindsay says few feels spot on I was hoping somebody would say that because that's usually the response again all my trainings right Scorpio rising if you have a queries fourth house. The shadow that put a little will reveal is your amendment and measurement with your family pain and the skill you have to master is emotional boundaries and setting up yourself against like having a strong like inter emotional fortress. For the Neptune transit start asking yourself these questions. You guys this is just like a flavor of what we do when you work with me and my team which is basically like let's let's let's start like reorienting you around the lessons of each planet and what they mean for you. So for Neptune transit. Leo rising it's going through your night house do you just blindly like believe oh my gosh I know like a bunch of Leo rising celebrities who just like family follow calls like I'm pretty sure like with this one celebrity that I know who like blindly like doors and follows like blue trends you know. This is like for her like she will hop on every trend right like the night like the Neptune 9th house is going to be like it's going to ding you now for just hopping on every trend. Sagittarius rising as Neptune transit your fifth house you have to ask yourself do I just escape into romance or drama. You probably do and the lesson there is to just really ground yourself in creative power. Did everyone get this slide. Did everyone catch this. The next one the Uranus slide I'm actually going to drop it in my school membership only because the Uranus stuff is a bit more advanced I don't get this slide. Alicia what's your rising sign again. This is very very technical and intense right because you have to be you need to have met a cognition essentially. And this is just like a tool to like observe yourself in a very detached way so. Alicia do you want to share your sign or no Aquarius okay so Aquarius rising Aquarius rising is third house right oh Neptune is going through a third house okay that makes sense. Well it's funny because you're like I don't get it and you have Neptune go there third house are that's not funny. But Neptune is the foggy planet right so when it goes through your house self thinking you're going to be like easily confused and you're going to have like communication issues but. There's an opening or an opportunity to get really creative here and they get very psychic so the skills you have to master. And then it's honestly yeah communication fine tuning your communication fine tuning how you learn how you receive information how you share information how you express yourself. Neptune is going to really I think transform the way you communicate and also learn. Once again you guys the same exact like skills to master and the shadows of Uranus will post that on school platform. But also now is your opportunity to go join my school membership because I have a very deep Pluto guy like a way way deeper Pluto guy and a Neptune guy by every single rising sign because like I said there's a higher off of a lower off of every single sign right every single transit. There are some people who did really well with the Pluto treas in the first house do you guys want to know an example of who that is I know a lot of Capricorn rising that. It's terrible during the Pluto treas in the first house there's one guy who actually pretty well. So there is really a higher and a lower octave of all these rising signs right. So if you want my full Pluto guy my full Neptune guide if you want my full Uranus guide which is not here yet please go click on the link that Angela dropped and join our community and you if you navigate to the cheat sheet section will make sure to drop it there and for every single person that joins alive. Part of me the membership I will give a very special gift the Capricorn rising that actually thriving did really well is Logan Paul. Logan Paul did pretty good did pretty good he did pretty every deal get me wrong he was cut up a lot of scandal which again is very Pluto first house but really well he got married to as soon as a Pluto left his first house which was like actually this year can't make the stuff up cannot make the stuff up. Okay so please take a moment to grab the Uranus guide and I'm going to get my cards which I left upstairs it's only going to take me like 30 seconds but I'm going to give you this time to join as needed and when I'm back. Who's who wants to hear how to protect themselves against these trans I mean that's why you guys are really here right. You guys are really here because you want to learn how to protect yourself against these transits am I right or am I right. Because we're going to go we're going to get into that. That's what I'm talking about everyone's like well yeah duh why wouldn't why wouldn't I want to know. Okay awesome so once again please take the time to join the membership and also now is your time to ask me a question based on all the stuff right based on everything you heard today if you have a question for me and my team that we can answer you in a coaching call format and give you a specific road map on how to unblock you. Please fill out this questioner as well while I'm gone if you're not qualified for call it's okay we'll answer you via email so Angela if you can please drop that link as well and I will be right back. You You All right I am back hopefully everyone took the time to do the thing now let's move on. Okay so mindset isn't enough one of ratings is not enough you are being asked to rewrite how you do relationships work and identity completely that's what these transits are asking you to do. So like I said 2015 was the worst time I live Pluto was in my fifth house Neptune was in my seventh y'all it was really painful I'm not even exaggerating and every time I meet like another Virgo rising and I ask about them like hey how was like the last 10 to 15 years are like oh my god it's terrible every Virgo rising I know either cheated or got cheated on it's insane and I'm talking like it's not even like an amicable breakup because the love group call no it's actually very very scandalous right. Like the Neptune the 7000 is not pretty so I'm going to tell you my secret sauce systems are completely changed my story okay ever since 2015 I'm sharing with you guys in under 10 to 15 minutes the story of my life when what helped me achieve true freedom. Number one okay I will live and die by this because celebrities do this. Function change my life if you look at the left hand side of my picture I drew this back in like 2016 okay you can and I had it like all the way up until like early like 2020 whatever what's wrong with these bunnies what's wrong with these bunnies. I did the fung shui in the hopes of manifesting love into my life what the hell is this do you guys notice that the bunnies are not looking at each other. Do you guys notice that do you guys notice that the bunnies are not looking at each other. So guess what I manifested into my relationship one sided relationships literally so what you put out in your reality like you're like it's very subconscious in your mind. So you have to take stock of what kind of art you're putting up how you're doing your house you got to pay attention to that like why are you doing that right so this kind of reveals to you what level of consciousness I was at and this is like very much the Neptune shit I'm telling you. The second thing that had to really change was well that's why you guys are actually here right now planetary transits I didn't know I didn't know that I was in a Neptune transit I didn't know that I was in a Pluto transit like I didn't know until like years ago. I was 10 years and years later and when I entered 10 year period of hell it was because of all this shit and when I asked people around me like hey like what is going your life everyone that's going through a sudden break up or divorce or a period of solitude it's because of this transit the Neptune or Pluto so that's what and that's the portion of the of the train that you guys got here today but I had to really understand what these planets were awakening in me. Taylor Swift dropped a lot of albums right I really think she had to do that to stay sane like I really think her heroes journey with a Uranus transit and all that. Because she couldn't hold on to relationship she was in nothing stable right I think that just goes to show you. That it was a very painful time her life but she used her art as a vehicle for a hero's journey and that's the same thing you got to do okay that's the same thing you got to do which is why we ask yourself these questions. And then the one of the final things I have to fix with my ask photography because my ask my ask photography was super messed up I found out that I was living on my Saturn line. When it was at zero degrees my ascendant what are the odds what are the odds that the minute Neptune enters my 7000 I am drawn to my Saturn line isn't that interesting I'm drawn to a Saturn line that is opposing my Neptune descendant line. Very subconsciously I want to sign up for a lesson very subconsciously I want to sign up yes or you in my call or in my webinar jam I see you but I saw you yesterday on a very subconscious level. It's almost like I was signing up for like double when I mean like double when you paint like I want something super serious. So we'll show you how to do that by the end of this call so again like I hate New York that's because it was overlapping both my transit and my ask photography and just hitting you from both sides when Saturn is on your Senate you can't be yourself you're not seeing you're too serious and no matter what you do you can't really get ahead so if you're experiencing a certain financial or professional pattern you can't get ahead you can't get promoted no matter what you do you can't blossom. Check the ask photography and we've helped so many students simply fix their ask photography it's wild and literally like level of tax brackets it's insane it's insane you don't you know so many entrepreneurs talk about this to you right so many entrepreneurs talk about how like the facelift is success is just to change your environment. Literally if you if you live like deep in like Oklahoma try them to New York City it'll be a huge culture shock you'll be surrounded by really ambitious people so this is why we talk a lot about not only ask photography but also like real estate numerology all these things play a role. So yeah we'll see numerology like I look back at all my addresses right and I was like why do I keep living in a three why do I keep living in a six like this is like really prepared information that we work with that's kind of wild. If you have a certain relationship pattern your life also check your address there is a separate real estate numerology training where I go through all the real estate like addresses and then what they mean one through nine and how to calculate because there's four different levels if you have not watched our trading I highly recommend you to watch it it's on my link tree but I'm not even joking I moved around like 30 plus years about my entire life I feel like back in what the hell just happened. Why did I why am I caught up in the same like cycle over and over and over like Naomi like the question is why do you live in a three it's not the house that randomly found you know you chose that number you chose that house so as you guys can see I had a fung shui that was messed up I had planetary trans that was messed up my astrotopium was messed up my literal address numerology was messed up and I don't want to like give you guys a self. It's a self story but my life sucked like on paper it looked great while I was in New York but it was it was like some of the most painful time of my life like no joke it was really crazy so so these are things that I had to align to finally break the patterns I need to break the hero like me going to deep here is journey kind of like Taylor Swift which is why like even though I don't even like her music I do respect as a person because I get it I kind of understand what she did like her music was her outlet. To play out that you're in a stuff right so sometimes the objective world and narrative world touch and that's called synchronicity okay so everything that's happening around you and you're waking life your house you're all these things it's just a reflection of what's going on inside I promise you and that's the part you have to work out within yourself and we're obviously here to help you so you're not broken or crazy or behind. But you do need to approach all these unseen forces as an invitation to go on a hero's journey where you learn deeper parts of yourself and there's no shortcut there's no shortcut you have to go on this journey yourself and do some conscious work. So that you can get ahead of the transit and master it and like I said we're going to post like specific more detailed questions for Uranus on our school platform but for Pluto and Uranus already part of me for Pluto and Neptune I told you guys right like where do you get so do easily where do you get a track to power easily where do you get tricked easily I highly recommend you guys to join the membership right now. This link is only up while we're on this live together to go grab that Uranus training and some of the clients that we work with by way this is not just like you think like there are people that are immune to this nobody's immune to this there's no jail free card everyone goes to is an and every single person that you're seeing online start part me everyone that you're seeing in front of you on screen is a client of mine who literally 10 extra life. By optimizing these unseen forces every single person that you're seeing online is doing at least six figures a month I promise you so the real question is the goals that you have it's not that you're not talented it's more like you're holding yourself back right and there's these unseen force I just showed you that's holding you back with the Pluto and the Neptune and the Uranus so is everyone with me so far is everybody with me so far. So my question to you guys is have you proved your home against unhealthy energies especially the ones that are trying to call like a really big relationship or like a really big career right have you proved your home have you done function way have you noticed a recurring pattern in the location that you live or you unconsciously drawn to the same house number over and over again have you done all the healing but nothing is shifting like these are serious questions have you done all these things and do you notice nothing is changing changing. Okay so obviously you guys are here because and I also see a bunch of like members joining so I'll be giving a special gift for that I hope to I look forward to see you guys in my community it's a wonderful platform we give readings you get free courses there's monthly Q and A's you it's it's just a fantastic way to like really level up because I share a lot of my information there too but I'm just really really curious who wants like a step by step analysis on what exactly might be holding you back from all of these sources that I just identified you might have some questions about the the transits you might want to dig deeper on the transits right who has questions around that who has questions around the house who has questions around a stratography who is like wait I have these big goals that not really want to understand what's holding me back that hopefully that is that is everybody because like I said your life expectancy you know not to be morbid but it's like 75 years old so you don't have time to waste right and these are long transits okay everybody said me tick tock it said me too so I want to tell you guys a little bit about artist way we've had so much success over the years we've helped transform hundreds of lives like I'm talking about people who like literally like I feel like I feel like at this point like I'll be invited to like a lot of weddings because we hear so many students again to relationships we just got off a call with a guy this morning who literally said like I don't think I would have started dating unless it was for artist way we have people who broke seven figure stealings and really slow their business after working with us not because I'm teaching you business not because I'm teaching you love it's like I'm not a believer that it's because I'm just helping you simply see what's holding you back and I'm helping you on I'm helping you understand how to work with these unseen energies you're not crazy these are not things that just that's just made up these planets these homes have existed hundreds of thousands of years before you that's why I'm telling you are is what you're dealing with a five year plus pattern right because five in numerology means that you're not going to be able to do that so it's not just getting out of a problem if you're still in a problem after like even after five years at that point I know and you know it's not just you there's something else that's happening and there's a very special way to work with it so it's not this program is not just about learning the tools right but it is also about going on the hero's journey it's about learning what pipes you have, learning which pipes or clog how to unclog them and doing it in a way that's like very systematic like step by step there's a casual road map and you have a team helping you a team helping you and I have since you guys are here I only have a few seats for meaning to my next core that's coming up that's probably going to the last cohort that's focused on love we are going to focus on money because I always do that but if we but we are like we've been focusing like hypervisionally on love just for the last couple of cohorts and this could be one of the last ones so if you have relationship goals right whether it's romance friendship or self whatever I highly encourage to check this out because it's not just like a simple formula where you just learn these transes and you optimize your function and you're done there's a lot of inner work to be done so during our time together we help you gain master of your three energies it's a three or three two or six months accelerator and what I encourage you guys to do is apply for one on one call to get a clear energy analysis and a road map to your biggest desire right whether it's love, money or both and break your biggest patterns so who is curious about this call or like actually want to get on this call with our team to get a clear energy analysis and a road map to get your biggest desires who wants that hopefully that's everybody because why wouldn't you want this you get so much you're going to get so much value out of this call we actually had people say over and over again oh wow like I feel like this whole like call I learned so much about myself like way more than just like a regular like astrology report I'm like yes because astrology reports like I said folks on a bunch of shit doesn't even matter don't we want to play a bigger game so Angela if you can please drop the oh sure any drop the application so if you can please click on the application that Angela dropped fill it out fill like submit your question fill out your birth information we can't talk to everyone you're going to see that we do qualify the calls and we see if you're good fit but the purpose of this call is not only to see what is blocking you but also to see if you're a good candidate to join this cohort and potentially work with me oh really okay awesome Gretchen good to know I'll have her reply yeah she's really busy because like they're so we feel like emailing or calling or saying like how do I get in how do I get in and every single artsway student is also invited to my in-person retreat as well which happens like every fall or spring so it's a great value and I would hate for anyone to miss out on it for TikTok if you want to apply anybody on TikTok want to get this analysis call the energy analysis and a roadmap to get your biggest desires and we have a 95% success rate we have a I don't know I have to ask her Gretchen we'll have to see we have a 95% success rate can I please tell you something stop listen to coaches that don't have what you want stop why do you guys do that I would argue if you want what you want look at Taylor Swift look at she's doing she's got everything she wants why don't you guys study somebody like her why don't you guys study somebody like me and what I'm talking about look at people who have what you want to sit up be like oh must be nice don't do that and don't look no one listen to these fake grou- I'm like so time to think these like dating coaches who don't know what they're talking about you need to work with someone that is Pluto Uranus and Neptune and form and all these other things and form or else it's just going to be like whoa whoa whoa it's not going to be helpful it's going to be generic therapeutic platitudes okay so um so everybody on TikTok please take the moment to go it's going to say like ask me a question in my bio please a bit of question and in the very end it's going to give you the option to get on a call with our team this is going to be the best $50 ever spend your life I promise you just go ahead and do that and then for everyone that books are called with us I am going to be giving a very special gift which starts now now I love my playing cards I'm going to give you a message with my playing cards um do for the roadmap do we fill out the info and pay for the question fee or is this sign up for another class though this is an actual coaching call this is a this is a analysis coaching call which is which is actually by the way worth like thousands of dollars like if in one hour call it means like usually a thousand dollars believe it or not but this is only for fifty dollars just to see like out of all the things you walk you through what is affecting you the most and what you have to do to get what you want and also to see if you are a good fit to potentially join our upcoming artsway program is anybody by the way like actually interested in the program maybe you have like marriage goals maybe you have business goals maybe you have all these goals that you been working for five years and nothing is working right maybe like nothing is working and you sat through these slides you sat those presentation and you're like oh my gosh I'm a caprican rising oh my gosh I'm a cancer rising oh my gosh I'm a leorizing and I know why the shit's been happening oh and by the way some of these calls I might be taking to oh my gosh miss chica says I didn't hear is your any help me the happiest ever been yay I know your is a really good program so we can like walk you through that too if that is something that you wish and desire okay so let's go through let's go through everyone that joined our community let's get your special gift but yeah like people love these calls people love like just like even the one hour call like regardless of whether or not we're good fit to work together they're just kind of like holy shit this was life changing how do I work with you so I highly highly highly recommend to check out the call and see how we can help and also to get the analysis and what maybe holding you back miss chica montez what is your first name I feel like I know who you are have we talked before on the call just book a call book a call with with my teammate Jessica okay go submit a question of my bio right now and then I'll give you a call option all right all right let's start the $50 option and the school memberships yes they're two separate avenues they're two separate avenues the membership is cool right because you get resources you kind of get free shit here and there and you get you get to ask you questions yeah schools really great people love school too but the call is like actually a one to one like analysis just to see like just to have our team and actually I tell you and show you what the fuck is up and to see if you're a good fit to work with me in the artist way and to be really candid with you guys like I'm very very careful look what I work with because there is such a high success rate it's nothing like it's like no other program you ever seen whatever you want your guarantee to get is he I'm so sorry it didn't actually go through I will have to email you about it but yeah okay so this is let me first start pulling some messages for folks that join our community welcome to our community Freha welcome back Queen of cups so this is all about getting in touch with your emotions Freha I almost feel like you need to get in touch with your creativity and like your feminine again Elba six of spades it's time to make very cautious decisions if you guys want a chance to grab this please join my community right now or ask me a question of my bio book of call but Elba I feel like you're way too cautious with your decision making painting I have king of spades I feel like you're really afraid of a 40 figure and that's actually what's walking love like I feel like there's a mask done wound they only they only six of cups Naomi I feel like there's a lot of like Naomi I feel like there's a lot of situation type stuff in your life or maybe there's like too much busyness due to a lot of people in your life I'm hearing like clean house I'm hearing like get really clear what it is you want Cynthia look to welcome to our community eight of ones Cynthia I get like it's time to be diplomatic it's time to be there's something about there's something about like it's time to upgrade your social skills which is funny I don't know why it's saying that but that's what I'm getting Christopher four of sort Christopher I'm getting don't live in regret like don't live in the past that is something that I'm be holding back and this is actually something that we go deep into a program like dimensional work like what level of consciousness you live in that's holding you back and 40 is actually where people get commonly stuck so Christopher if you need our help please book a call Alexis queen of swords Alexis so this is all about like don't be too much in your head no king of spades and no I believe you're also trying to book a call so no I this is I'm getting something about like wisdom teaching sharing I there shall be like it's time to like really like put yourself out there and like share your information and sharing knowledge with people if that makes sense um yeah is no one here and Simone Simone I get a jack of diamond so Simone the name of the game here slow and steady wins the race okay Simone slow and steady wins the race Simone don't try to rush things don't try to rush things okay is anyone so we're at time and I really appreciate you guys coming to the call is anybody in the room kind of like I want to get a call on a call with your team we have a bunch of calls coming in right now actually but is there anybody else that's like I want to get a call with with your team like how do I do that ASAP I want to see I'm like super serious about my like relationship goals and whatnot and your business goals I want to see from a good fit so I believe Stacy Simone and Noah and the couple of other names I apologize if I haven't called out your name yet what's going to happen is you're going to you're going to fill out a form and then the very end you're going to have the option to book a call that's kind of what's happening Stacy here is your card king of hearts I feel like there's someone coming into your life Stacy which is really exciting thank you everyone that joined the training I have to sort through all these calls I'm so excited to connect with you guys I am so sorry if I missed anyone I apologize but just remember any pattern no pattern there there's no pattern that can't be broken just have to be aware of like what's causing it so I look forward to connecting with you guys on the call and please make sure if there's any part of this training that you really enjoyed please make sure to share it screen shot it Angela wait one more thing is there anyone that wants to like directly talk to my team because if your answer is yes what I'm going to do is drop a link that maybe bypasses how do you know when you'll get married when when all these crazy outer outer planets move out of your house nice awesome awesome awesome awesome okay yeah we're getting a lot of applications so I'll just review this review this later thank you so much you guys I will see you guys at the next training good luck bye